okay so what were you just saying Jamie
we have Ellie's stay at home order it
will likely remain in place for the next
three months unless there is a quote
dramatic change to the virus and tools
at hand officials to say how are people
supposed to feed themselves like really
realistically how do they expect this to
work you go out to work and then you
skitter back home that's not what
they're saying that's not what stay at
home means stay at home means you don't
go to work yeah but at the same time
they're opening up businesses opening up
very few businesses and you have to get
curbside for retail I heard our governor
in the state of California say that 70%
of businesses are open now well if
that's the case even if that was a case
let's say 30% of people are out of work
yes catastrophic yeah and I don't think
it's true
I don't I don't think 70% of the places
are open that's what he said 70% if
they're open they're not open at 100%
capacity or they're probably working
from home like offices he's probably
counting offices mm-hmm and those people
are still working and getting paid but
they were doing it from home so this is
just la la la yeah so that means like
Comedy Store has no chance oh yeah I
believe is for the county yeah so like
County this is the same fuckup who
thought it would be a good idea to have
people rat on people for money
technically this was not coming from the
mayor this is coming from a health
someone in the health department talking
at a supervisor meeting herself so is a
suggestion wasn't a nice order but it's
right coming yeah right so it's not an
official order not an official or but la
is the densest county in America how
about that wasn't really yeah more than
New York yeah as a county hmm that seems
odd doesn't it it does seem odd lottie's
New York City's denser yeah it says New
York City's the the the thing about New
York City that makes it great is it
everybody sort of mingles together
everybody gets on the subway together
everybody walks together on the street
yeah it's also the reason why
everybody's getting sick together yeah
but I saw an interesting thing that the
highest this guy wrote an editorial
about the reasons for New York and he
lives in New York and he said Staten
Island had the highest number this was
written before I think Brooklyn is now
hedged it but at the time that Staten
Island was the highest and it was the
least densely populated and Manhattan
which is the most densely populated had
the fewer number of cases mm-hmm well I
wonder if that is similar to you know
what were their finding with people that
work together or in prisons and
particularly their finding that there
was this one prison they did a study on
98% of the people were asymptomatic
really you know 98 percent 98 percent
she's it's nuts that's yeah like that's
weird
so I was bringing her up with a friend
of mine and I was like what do you think
this is because my friend Kyle kolinsky
and he was like I think it's because
their immune systems are strong because
they're just interacting with each other
constantly mm-hmm and I was like oh that
kind of makes sense cuz I was thinking
if you're in prison you're probably
stressed out and getting bad food yeah
and horrible sleep and yet your immune
system strong right because you're just
being bombarded all the time yeah you're
being bombarded all the time by stinky
dirty people
in isolated fancy place right there
right and you're in a wonderful
community in Brentwood you don't see
your neighbors ever anywhere very
fragile yeah you go to the store you
come yeah
and now our immune systems are just pure
speculation yeah but I would imagine
that your immune systems like all the
other systems of your body that when it
gets tested it gets stronger right yeah
yeah for sure so your immune system
right now is being put into a state of
atrophy mmm because it's not being
exposed to anything new it's it's it's
in a lounge chair
hasn't worked in years softly goes
upstairs and all of a sudden gets called
to go to work and it's just like dude
why wouldn't you imagine that's the case
it seems like it yeah yeah we're setting
ourselves up to get really sick if
something comes down the pike yeah yeah
well that was what was very strange in
the beginning of all this when people
were saying that you you know that
people just spout out you can't do
anything for your immune system you
can't make it stronger that's gay
nonsense and it was like really who is
saying that just online I did a thing
with online it's written when you're
like wow this must make sense I know
it's got a hundred and fifty thousand
likes this has gotta be real
it's just Bob said it it's just a matter
of a guy like walking on the street it's
the same thing I don't understand how we
could take three more months off yeah
don't well it depends what they mean by
I mean you know when you talk when you
hear the governor talk it's you know
he's moving it along and he's in these
phases and we're getting and pushing it
through and it's it doesn't I don't it's
I don't think it's going to be as I'm
stammering at the realization of it I
don't have a TV no I don't think it's
going to be like what it was in April
and May why not July because I because I
I think so to LA County breeches beaches
reopen May 13th yes but you can't hang
out on your lounge you can't hang out on
your towel you got to go in make that
larger please go back to where it was
you can do watersports no lying or
sitting on the sand right canopies
coolers or picnicking right you can you
can be active you can go swam and lots
are closed so where do they expect you
to park they don't want you to go
individual family activities and
exercise only hmm yeah so you can go
down you can swim you could ride the
waves and then get out of the ocean and
get back in your car there's no thinking
you can't picnic the biking no biking no
why can't you bike
I have to say no volleyball that you see
that brown circle with a slash through
it with the giant canopies those should
be banned all year have you ever been
next to one of those disgusting Oh like
what why are you allowed to set up camp
building a house you're basically saying
this is my area of the sand
yeah like blocking everyone's view yeah
you can get a fucking towel that's what
you can get you get a towel and that's
it it's always been I know these people
come down there they've got coolers and
tables higher than this machine they
have fences now people are setting up
Beach fences yeah yeah they're selling
Beach fences you set it up you stick it
in the sand and you mark off your area
oh we're creating dorks yeah this is all
the for social distance these are just
people making camps there and bringing
25 people
so reopens tomorrow is what they're
saying yeah baby yeah well that's good
that's that's a start I think we need to
move in the other direction I think we
need to quarantine people that are at
risk that's what I think really and let
people make their own choices mm-hmm you
know this the the idea that these
hospitals are going to be overwhelmed is
not true it's not correct luckily we're
very fortunate yeah and the idea that
we're gonna run out of ventilators
that's not true either right so and then
also if that doctor that worked with
Michael yo was telling you this before
we started and the doctor said that if
he put him on a ventilator he would die
because his body would stop trying to
breathe and it would just sort of give
up and this is what Michael
Yoos doctors told him and he survived
and then we're finding out that a lot of
people they put on ventilators don't
make it and I wonder if what he's saying
applies to those people right it was he
is a special case of why they didn't
want him on the ventilator no as doctors
just a wise guy he's just smart and just
figured it out well I mean I mean it's a
weird thing to think you know what what
if we hadn't done all of these measures
would the hospitals have because the
hospitals for a beat were crazy depends
on where you are yeah like if you're in
Queens yeah it was yeah sane yeah this
place is where it's horrible yeah
so like if you if we hadn't done these
things what would have the result of
them it's good question
you
I mean would we have achieved heard mom
immunity you know or would we have
achieved it quicker yeah that's you know
communities like sixty percent the
people have been infected and right then
the virus sort of dies off right you
know when you look at the Spanish flu
when you look at the history of that and
you know the places that did something
fared much better than the places that
didn't the end result was you know all
these people died it goes through the
same amount of time but just you have a
lot more fatalities you know and it's
this it's always been this kind of
calculation like you know people are
doing the math I feel like people are
doing the math and they're saying okay X
amount will die but we've got to get
back to work and get these people to
work and they're trying to figure out
that equation or there's the suffering
of the people that are probably going to
survive even if they get it is that
suffering going to be greater than the
suffering for families who lose people
right so that's that balancing act and
you can see where people are coming out
on it certain places are like no it's
just time to go and yeah there'll be
casualties but we'll deal and other
people are saying save lives at all cost
well if we say save lives at all costs
we should all stop driving I don't want
to do that - yeah I know what you're
saying yeah I mean right there's things
that are risk this is one of those
things that's a it's a uniquely human
problem because there's no real answer
for it because most human problems yeah
hmm yeah you know I mean yeah ya know
right you don't you kind of we are all
isolated on this one thing and then you
stop thinking well we live at risk all
day long yeah every day you know well
not only do we live at risk all day long
but we make decisions that could put
ourselves at risk and we're allowed to
make those decisions but with this
you're not allowed to make those
decisions and the ideas well because you
put others at risk okay
but who and why and do you know when do
we decide like how long can we go on
with this if we don't have any new tools
in July what is gonna be the difference
between July and now well that's what
ouchies saying about the fall he's
saying that
you know there's going to be a
resurgence of it in the fall you're
gonna have more because it's the flu
season
people are gonna and you need to be
prepared to with testing and stuff to to
deal with this in the right way or else
you're back to what we were dealing with
in April and May and that you've got to
be you got to learn from it and be
prepared it's the testing the testing
the testing you know it just seems a
Elan just opened up his Factory in
California the Tesla factory and said
come to come arrest me right basically
saying what you're doing is a violation
of civil liberties you're telling people
that they're not allowed to go to work
and then this is we yeah come with
fascist state mm-hmm see how that goes
yeah I kind of feel like they they're
seeing like they know that they'll save
lives this way but they I mean look if
you're the if you're the governor right
what do you do what do you do I mean you
want to you want people to be safe but
you also are looking at the books every
day and realizing that your state is in
need of a trillion dollars to survive
like it would be I mean if that's it it
might be a lot more than that yeah like
you know it's just based on what we know
is active and the businesses that are
open right now right I mean how many
people like a friend of mine was saying
how many people are unemployed right now
they don't even know it yeah business is
just never gonna make it right and also
there's gonna be less people with money
so it's gonna be less spending so this
is a common I need some sort of a
resurgence so if you're the governor
you're not out there just to control
people and take away their civil
liberties because you're screwing
yourself on the other end you know with
people being broke and the economy
falling apart so you're in this mm-hmm
in this spot I do not envy it it's also
when you start telling people what to do
it's very difficult to stop once you
have the ability to tell people what to
do it's very difficult to just turn that
off and go ahead go back to normal do
whatever you want to do now right right
which is what we used to do just four
months ago right and do whatever you
want to do yeah but now with all sudden
do you see that goofy fucking list that
they put out of all the stuff you can
and can't do
no it's even goofier than the the list
that we saw about the beaches you know
really fucking preposterous this really
long list that California put out of
things you're allowed to do outside you
can meditate
you can do soft martial arts you can
watch the sunrise or the sunset meets
it's so asinine it's just so yeah you're
getting people yeah in this case you're
getting people that have no business
telling people what to do and all of a
sudden they've been assigned this
ability to tell people what they're
allowed to do and not to do right and so
they make this gigantic stupid fucking
list and it's really offensive it is a
weird thing it's fucking dumb yeah
Crenshaw put something up on his
Instagram see if he can find it where he
he shows what you can and can't do and
this one particular list and how
preposterous it is there's there's a
bunch of lists that different states are
putting up and DA's have different
approaches one thing that I do like
about the fact that we are the United
States of America is that different
states do have different approaches and
we get to watch how that experiment
plays out it is an experiment isn't it
like I'm just like so how's Georgia
every like what's going on down there
permitted walking running exercising
surfing fishing no chairs hibbett 'add
sunbathing sitting in chairs group
sports groups of people swimming and
here's what he says for your daily dose
of things that are stupid here you go
how many geniuses sat around and
deliberated over those these particulars
okay they can fish but we don't want
them getting any Sun why they fish and
no chairs because we are saving lives
high fives all around
[Laughter]
OCN J that's New Jersey right yeah yeah
oh Sh in County yeah fuck off yeah so
what do you think at this point let's
just let it rip and I don't think it was
I think education is an imperative I
think huh first of all there there has
to be some education on how to
strengthen your immune system right
there are experts that understand I mean
I'm having dr. Rhonda Patrick on
tomorrow you talk about this I think
that's great very important to talk
about supplementation to talk about
hermetic effects of heat shock proteins
cold shock proteins what we can do as
far as mitigating you know the the
stresses that you get
from not having enough sleep and
meditation all sorts of different things
that we need to teach people yeah how to
strengthen your immune system okay keep
your body healthy I'm with you a hundred
percent I'm I'm doing all that stuff
learning about it as I go through life
and I meditate I take vitamins I
exercise all out of bread eat a lot of
bread this bread is so much better it's
it might be the best where to god the
last one was perfection I'm at home I'm
just keep getting better you get better
there's so many things that go into it
every day don't understand how you get
better at bread I'm telling you we wait
to see it I'm glad you're around man I'm
eating bread right now but your your
green but all that stuff is great but
that list you just said about he
proteins it's a yeah that is so much
more complicated than no chairs at the
beach dummy honestly it is when you talk
to people just out there shopping doing
stuff going to the beach the guy who's
setting up his tent with his poles and
his goddess thing that guy's not gonna
know that yeah my beach fence don't
speak my area he's not gonna know
anything about his immune system or any
of the protein but don't you can't with
the herd you've got to tell them no
dummy fish no chair that's so crazy like
when you cast out to the surf and you
have bait you sit down you put your
fucking your pole in a pole holder
what's in there because there's gonna be
some jackass who's gonna they're gonna
come up and say sir they said no chairs
I got my pole I'm fishing we're all
fishing right honey we all got up all
fishing but no chairs chairs a dangerous
if you stay put it could come get you
it's it's preposterous preposterous but
the other part of the United States of
America and then we all get to make our
own rules and see this experiment is
like the information flow is so
confusing yeah it's been so I mean from
the first time we heard about it in
January like there's this thing I have
looking at my phone every day going is
that true is this right right it's this
true is that weight around no mask now a
mask now I'm not a masking right you
know what I mean like we even found she
I posted something on from 60s yesterday
I read that I saw that about she was
saying you don't need to wear a mask
this was like that was early right that
was early March it's not that early man
I know but that's when they were saying
no mass because they didn't have masks
Wow
maybe but he was saying you don't you
specifically don't need a mask yeah but
look there's people out there where it's
going to use they're driving in their
cars that's why I put it up you fucker
but she's fucking dorks come on man
who's in your car blowing germs in your
face I know by yourself and by the way
those things are not gonna keep the air
from coming in your mouth no that's in
the air if it's in the air it's gonna
get in your mouth it's gonna keep you
from spitting it out maybe right and
getting on somebody maybe they'll stem
the flow a little bit and yeah if you're
out in public particularly if you're
going around a lot of people and you
think you might have something I'm I'm
in the supermarket wearing my mask we're
in this just pull this up on my hair
abandoned I'm I go with the band all
sudden everyone's a band everyone's
abandoned everyone's robbing a bank I
can't wait for the first time someone
rather something happened absolutely I'm
in there with this stupid-ass mask I'm
it's hot it fogs up my glasses I'm itchy
my eyes are running I'm like I'm trying
not to touch my face with all this stuff
this is not helping me no yeah well that
was the thing for out you said in the
video that when you wear a mask people
start messing with their face yes
rubbing my eyeballs I think we need to
concentrate on people getting their
immune system stronger I think the
government has the time to put up these
fucking stupid lists of not don't use it
you're making a sense of how important
it is to take vitamin C supplement your
diet with intimacy supplement your diet
with vitamin D yeah you know to take
elderberry yeah take zinc take all sorts
of things that are that have proven to
be very good for your immune system I
know why wouldn't you do it why wouldn't
you do it
anger anger frustration instead just put
it off till July and then it's gonna
magically be
it's not gonna be better in July it's
still gonna exist yeah the only thing
that's gonna be different it's gonna be
hot as fuck out maybe that's better
maybe the virus can't survive when it's
hot as fuck out and when it untouched
things it'll go down but then it's gonna
get cold and that's what happened in
1918 right in 1919 it was the it got
camera the fall spike was much worse
than the spring spike so yeah it came
back and the numbers were much higher
well and then and that's what I keep
trying to figure out I'm reading all
about the history of that and it was a
two-year thing before it just you know
went through the population and
eventually died out and I keep thinking
are we gonna be different are we
more advanced are we going to be able to
change that story first and it's a
different disease it's a very different
disease this is not the Spanish flu
special was way worse right it was way
worse it was killing everybody killed
particularly attacked young people and
healthy people very quickly what does it
have some CBD very good for you doesn't
even get you high nice very good it's a
mango flavor it's delicious yeah this is
a different disease and it's also
disease were a significant number of
people in fact more people than not or
asymptomatic it's good right yeah 25
milligrams CBD I'm tasting childhood
that's a thing of CBD are you taking CBD
at all mm-hmm you need to do i yeah it's
so good for inflammation man just for
everything
oh yeah the AIDS anxiety a lot of
anxiety comes from like we body's got
inflammation for whatever reason CBD
seems to alleviate anxiety and
significant amount of people with THC or
without what out you don't need it you
don't need THC I like with that's like
both benefits the benefits will be the
same with or without yeah sure yeah is
there any stuff that's really good it's
tasty yeah that's a small amount of CBD
that's eat 25 milligrams but uh I'm
addicted to these things I drink them
all the time all right I'm on it
I also take CBD I use eye drops I had
those for a while CBD MD I get that
stuff and I put the tincture yeah yeah
they helped me sleep oh that's great
yeah it's really good for your body -
it's just great for people with
arthritis and stiff joints and things
long red lines you know so just that's
what I wanted
that's what I want to get people into
get people healthy rising like hey yeah
here's a time where you can understand
that it's important to have a healthy
body and this is why because you know
you look at who this is hitting the
people that are dying
yeah there's we went over it yesterday
significant increase in likelihood of
death when you're older older or obese
or diabetic obese is huge yeah New York
that's the number one thing oh is it
really you know the number one thing led
to mortality Wow Wow yeah yeah you see
like I know imagine being fat as fuck
and you're like god damn I wish I had a
little warning I'd like to get healthy
all of a sudden I'm up out of nowhere
yeah right nowhere can kill you before
it just was tough going upstairs I just
had to buy bigger pants
I just felt shitty about myself when I
looked in the mirror yeah that's avoided
mirrors now I love with everything
threatened well you got to be strong
yeah I mean it's just it's terrible for
the people that lost people it's
terrible for people who died I am with
you on all this stuff but I just do not
think this is the way to handle it I
think quarantine eing the people that
are at risk is a far better option far
smarter option yeah you know ya know if
you have older people in your family
they stay in their place you don't go
see them until we get you know the
vaccine we'll get through it now I that
I mean there are our numbers I mean if
we're just going by the science and
going by the hard numbers there's a
majority of the workforce could probably
go out and work the majority yes
majority yeah and you know there should
be some sort of a waiver for people who
can't or don't want to or have anxiety I
mean yeah okay yeah you know but I think
most people want to go back to work I
know I got an offer to go do shows in a
club in a couple weeks
Madison improv xopen backup mmm
apparently they're opening back up this
weekend Texas doesn't give a fuck I love
it would you perform I would book it
yeah I want to do it I don't know what
I'm gonna do man I mean if July is legit
if that's really when we go back that's
too many months it's a lot of us did not
do stand-up
I know I started feeling a little weird
well also your stand ups gonna suck okay
we're talking about how your
cardiovascular system goes down yeah how
about your stand up system now we'll get
that back quick though we will yeah on
Wednesday by Friday you'll have your
sister yeah you'll be good you'll be
great oh yes be sore throat is out of
way you won't be thinking right yeah
your throat will be out of shape it's
really true it is true I know I know but
it looks like if you want there's gonna
be Club Z but you me off you'll have to
fly to them Addison yeah yeah I heard
there's some other clubs around the
country they're gonna start opening up
as well how was the thing on the weekend
your thing oh the UFC yeah it was
interesting yeah very weird was very
weird
huge arena no one in it no one in it no
one in 15 thousand seat arena maybe ten
people in the audience Wow
yeah and there's all people that work
for the UFC Wow yeah like the US the
three commentators sound people few
other folks like rehearsal I guess more
than ten people because there was the
judges and then the doctors and state
officials you know medical officials and
right athletic commission people okay
saying then they just come out and fight
and you just hear them breathing and
stuff oh my god it's well first of all
the main event was spectacular no he's
an incredible fight and it was a fucking
war but it was a war where you unlike
any other war there's no crowd yeah and
you're hearing everything you're hearing
every back of the flesh right every deep
breath you hear them breathing in the
nostrils with broken noses you can hear
the fluid like as they're breathing in
because their nose is broken and bloods
pouring out like it was crazy Jesus just
played music over it or something like
crowd music no no those part of the
thing was it cool was it cool it sounds
kind of like yeah would well I didn't
hate it
yes I felt very fortunate very fortunate
to be there one of the few who wanted to
be there live while this is going on
Brad that's how I felt
yeah the whole world yeah while it was
happening I was like wow I'm so lucky I
get to be here that's how I felt yeah
you know even if I have to fly
fucking Florida do to do it yeah that is
weird what was like going through the
getting off the plane taking massage do
your thing weird the drivers gonna mouth
fuck covering on right he was pretty
cool about it and I was going to went to
a restaurant you did yeah
ate at a Morton's Steakhouse all of them
yep sat down normal asked the waiter had
a mask on okay
they made him wear masks me and Eddie
Bravo sat down at steak every wine yeah
jeez people at the next tables there was
one or two other couples there was an
older couple on the we were a couple
excuse me it was a one older couple and
one younger couple and then there was
maybe a couple other people at the bar
well it was fairly empty so it also it
was like four o'clock in the afternoon
okay right are they limiting how many
people who come in yeah I think in a lot
of places my friend Nick he owns a guy
tano's restaurant in Vegas and he showed
me a diagram of what they're allowed to
do then they used a ruler to measure out
the floor right and they put six feet in
between tables and so kind of like every
other table they put a black tablecloth
over it so you can use that table we're
separated right I mean how much of this
is science how much of this is nonsense
yeah I don't know really knows I feel
like every conversation we have about
all of it it always ends up with who
knows right because if you're if you got
all these tables blocked off right yeah
a black tablecloth on you can't use that
what if something's coughing over there
you're cool Wheaton your spaghetti on
this guy's coffin twelve feet away from
you who knows what's going on in the
kitchen who knows what the Busboys put
their utensils at right who knows but
maybe I keep thinking as we're going
around town doing our thing and being
cautious would take out all that like
maybe we're playing the odds maybe the
odds are more in our favor yeah if we
can kind of cut down on some of the door
stuff maybe your immune system it's
going to turn into a pile of goo
and Moshi bitch-ass immune system they
can't handle anything man I really
thought I had it I'm so upset then I
didn't I know everybody thought that
sniffle back in January yeah I know it I
was in Seattle I was on the airplane I
came home I feel like she knew I'm
immune I gotta be immune everybody said
that Tim Dylan was fuckin convinced dude
I was so sick I'm sick than I've ever
been in December telling you I got it
nothing nothing nothing
I didn't I told my wife she's like all
those none of those tests are working
anyway you gotta believe in no this is
why I've been I saw you get this look
fun yeah I got it you were rocked yeah
it's uh it just tickles it's like oh you
were messed up for like 15 minutes you
were kind of like who know you look
weird
no yeah ah yes you are you were playing
pool you were like hmm this is about
weird no I told you it irritates you for
15 minutes but it's not that bad I
wasn't acting weird if I if it wasn't
for the Panda I would have had to hold
you as you cried I had it done again on
Sunday though and was way easier I think
my right nostril is less sensitive to my
less nostril
if that makes any sense well she said if
she was going in where I'm basically
touching your brain yeah well but they
did it again on my right nostril on
Sunday uh-huh and it was nothing
interestings weird I really think I have
a sensitive nostril now that's weird
well it's been broken right fucking nose
is useless yeah how many times oh who
knows broke it first when I was five I
fell down a flight of stairs when I was
five how yeah she's I've had broken
noses ever since then like snow bullshit
seriously I've never broken my nose ever
not once Jamie we can film it take time
yeah that'd be great
look of IRA have you broken anything the
only thing I broke was I broke a
collarbone a rib once when I was surfing
and a learning to surf and it went right
into my gut and then I I broke the top
of my foot one of the bones I hung my
foot those are weird right cuz I can't
do anything yeah I broke except stop you
from playing Hey
walk fucked up for month-and-a-half its
did you break your collarbone or just a
rib just a rib oh just a rib yeah I know
a dude who had a fake collarbone he had
a metal plate cuz his collarbone was so
shattered in a motorcycle accident and I
had to replace it so he had like a steel
plate in place of his collarbone
it's weird well says hurt like hell when
he got cold out oh really
yeah cuz it's a metal piece and your
fucking shoulder a weird one is a
strange one you know what's weird I've
never seen anybody break it in all the
years I've seen fights wow that's
interesting cuz it's pretty delicate
well I would think so somebody yeah I
remember someone saying that like if I
was over in a fight I'll just punch
somebody in the collarbone like
everybody walks around just with their
one move in their head that goes south
I'll just grab them by the balls and
Paul dude I woke up this morning and I
spent the first hour of my day watching
Russian slop fighting videos of course
you do it might be the dumbest thing
that's going on today
it's slap fighting yeah they just stand
up you know what it is no oh my that one
the two guys it looks like they're gonna
arm wrestle they just stand in front of
each other and they let each other slap
each other in the face and first of all
whoever goes first has such a monster
advantage yeah of course cuz they cut
they ko each other all the time this is
huge these huge guys and they swing from
the hip and the other guy doesn't even
move and they open palm strike each
other in the face I spent an hour today
was an old tradition tradition I don't
know I don't know how long that's been
around for I think the first time I
watched it was like about a year or two
ago yeah maybe I remember but it was it
was the this morning it was the the
fucking the slap you right mad it was
the thing did your it's funny what makes
you when you wake up think you know I'm
gonna look up like when you when you
first hook up your device because I
remember there was just one video of a
bunch of people standing around
uh-huh and this guy slapped this guy and
ko'd him and all the people that were
standing around like
and they thought it was cool that might
be the only time where people think it's
cool to be right next to someone who got
violent brain trauma yeah and I was
trying to find that video because it was
such a strange video right there was I
remember there's a table or not it's
like all the people were standing around
and they were laughing and smiling while
this guy went unconscious and I was like
that's so odd right like oh no do they
not know that this is really bad because
some terrible thing just happened this
guy like they think it's funny they're
laughing yeah yeah no idea well it's
almost like it's not real because he is
its slapping punch like if he kicked him
in the head and the same thing happened
he goes unconscious and falls back oh my
god oh my god they'd be freaked out yeah
but instead they slap each other and
everyone's like like what the fuck is
that no sitting on the beach yeah it's
it's one of the it was one of those
weird things I'm like how did this
become okay yeah but you just can just
hold brain trauma it's mean you can see
their head snap you see their head
wiggle and the brain sloshing around
inside the noggin yeah man well it's
like in any fight right if you're
watching a fight what does this one here
Jamie oh here goes one new one it's got
six seven on the left he's a former MMA
fighter for Brazil it says oh my god we
go this is all Russia they put powder in
this guy's too oh my goodness he didn't
even move yeah oh my goodness oh they
put a lot of fucking for some right this
guy's why are they powder up these hands
has known that show the mark know
they're miked up too
here we go oh my goodness oh oh he took
it why they're looking at the powder I'm
honest I think it's right here damn hold
on a second back that up there's rules
hold on he's right he slid his ear in
his ear down it was a foul he slid his
Oh cuz he you can't mess with the guys
hear what I say moved his head down when
he was in mid
when I was a young slapper one of the
techniques would be get his ear and
bring it down towards the chin well they
have rules okay let me see the rules
here oh it's one more time with you
they're not barbarians it's just some a
come again oh oh oh he's also doing this
in a prison by the way oh of course they
are oh the audience spitting a tooth out
is he it looks like spitting something
out oh he got rocked oh do you need a
doctor do you need a doctor he asked him
that's okay how do you ask someone thing
and they fake hands now we're cool shake
hands please growling so how did sugar
over now he's coming in for another hit
this is God good this is without we go
stay at home this is a boy they do the
swing it's a big dude mm-hmm here comes
one oh my goodness he got him in the ear
is that alright guys holding on to the
desk one of your life is that legal
he punched him really good I'm really
good these are the people you have to
your complaints first successful hits oh
come on really I said one verse to
earlier I know I just think they're just
doing this until one guy just little
chubby and I'm getting I'm betting on
the black guy he's taking these so much
better the other guys seems like he's oh
my god no there's so much force of that
oh my god was good it was going to hit
it was good smack doing I love the
Trenton ice shaking hands I like it bro
I like it like what you did to me there
look at this side that guy's face look
easy simple he's sweating he knows he's
going out look at him gripping the table
look I'm gripping the table watch this
he knows it's like a truck come about to
hit him in the head this is the wrap
right here he ain't gonna make this oh
yeah wow he's still there he's holding
on for dear life he's still there early
thumbs up he's fine yes okay I closed my
eyes man you scared the shot out of me
[Laughter]
might be a batch no perfect its three
that means they're three hits in each
side oh my goodness
they're like holding them up so you take
three shots the same place have you ever
been slapped in the face for not like
that my god it's horrible this keeps
going for a while how long oh my god
this is a thirty minute video yeah oh my
god someone's going out keep going
scooch that up his flight less that's it
they gave up Wow boy it was great right
it was great fights and look hell you
slept me I slept you me I slept you we
slept very good can't betray MMA oh I'm
so happy to take part in this show
interesting format but I can't betray
MMA I am such a successful sportsman and
I know how to fight right thank you so
much for invitation it was an honor to
fight against such a legend he is your
champ I would love to come back so
apparently he flew in he flew in to
smack the Russian guy and the Russian
guy smacked back and he earned the
respect respect yeah these videos man
you could do this all day all day did
they get knocked out oh yeah when they
do it's spectacular put up the one that
I put on my Instagram today because that
one is due to Isis eyeballs tattooed
sirness if they got money for that they
got a hundred and fifty thousand rubles
well it's like thirty dollars two
thousand put up the one my Instagram
today there's one enormous guy and
another guy looks like he might a lifted
weights once in high school once it's
such a mismatch this is a real asshole
because they got this kid yeah back it
up back it up oh yeah the same okay just
play it again because watch it cuz watch
this guy he has no force look at this
yeah it's enough it's a drive-by nothing
so this guy apparently
champ so he bitch-slapped the chimp they
let him get the first slap and that was
like so that was a little lady slap but
watch what homeboy does to him this is
horrific this is first of all look at
that little that guy is he's so little
look at his neck mighty looks so weird
cuz he's got tattoos everyone his
eyeballs are tattooed oh look at his I
watch this again nothing little slap he
slept me I barely notice slap now watch
the fucking thunderous boom these guys
know how to do it to that yeah he really
does he weighs like Inger's he weighs
like 500 pounds he's enormous
he slap him with the fingers where the
other guy is gonna use the palm of his
hand yeah really catch him oh good right
kid whose head came off yeah it looks
like he's shot it looks like his head
just exploded
Oh teeth are coming out he's never even
punched someone the way he did it was
yeah he he's like a little kid he looks
like a skater kid he's a sad guy he's
got all fucked up tattoos on his face
and everything's probably emotionally
disturbed I talked him into it my friend
you could be great to slap fight the
revolt I know what you see is my friend
robbing blacks takedown of it put put up
robbing blacks from his Instagram
because he had some great lines in it
what this is fucking two dudes who look
like they're all messed out they get a
street fight here play it give me some
volume on this misty versus Street
Steve shirtless skip kick top atop a
blocked five punch combination with a
round kick chaser now for the street
elegance what's this
oh fuck bonafide spinning Crescent kick
to a bevy of punches including hole
Gin Fizz uppercut that stuns shirtless
Steve and now pink for damage for the
win zoom to the after-school short acun
stance versus the street steve
tournament karate special an unfocused
entry brings steven to range for the
street surge and the acid reflux special
more knuckles plus a converse kick now
behold the spin full rotation of the
body he'll look over their shoulder find
the target and fire off a spinning hook
kick but years of mass and then activity
will bind the hips now the finisher no
wait false start let's line this bastard
up last call for liver delivery pink two
angles robin black my friend in this
video who did the narration right it
does real breakdowns of actual fights
he's a martial art technique yeah so the
fact that he does this occasion he
doesn't for everything he'll do it for
like bugs fighting doesn't frog that
shit will also do it for like world
class right he doesn't for Bellator the
murder Hornet and praying mantis he's
murder Hornets are bad news manases fuck
up everything we're lucky they're little
they would kill Saul it's gonna beat the
murder Hornet oh yeah for sure what
mantis is beat up everything really kill
rats versus murder Hornet whoa
mantis will dominate by exploiting a
structural truth of murder Hornets
anatomical shape the connective path of
Hornets head thorax and abdomen create a
curve with directional limitations for
movement by gripping the outer curve
kung fu mantis stays beyond and behind
stinging distance reaches he might
murder Hornet simply cannot inject his
venom into kung fu mantis but make no
mistake he's fighting for his life the
Mantis has increble free his head
mantas adjust his grip slicing with his
tibial spines to regain his positional
preeminence my friends oh not for the
faint of heart in nature the flesh and
tissues of one feeds the body of another
Kung Fu mantis is dining on murder
Hornet continuous even as the sentence
leaves him his instincts of
self-preservation are powerful a mighty
reach with his weapon and a search for
leverage or texture wherever it's just
eating his head life from the back
forward this may be jarring ball first
his whole head meanwhile the but the be
still alive it's eating like a corn on
the cob
but the instincts to survive remain and
as his body dissembles perhaps we see
the beauty here we see the elegant
nature of life on earth we feel the
mighty grip of existence I don't know if
I feel good that murder Hornets can get
schooled or that prey me this is exists
I love both things I love it we need to
just make no mantises and release him on
these fucking pussy ass later Hornets
yeah holy cow this is work god damn
terrifying they get everything they get
everything you've ever see him get
hummingbirds he didn't even think for a
second he just got it yeah he's like
bitch what yeah he was one move they
have so much leverage in those claws
those those weird fucking shape things
those weird shaped things are just
designed to hold shit so they can cut it
in half and eat its head bro it eats
hummingbirds eat hummingbirds
holy shit here watch this so this
hummingbird so just like doesn't know
what that is it just sings on the it's
on the beam you know and I'm just
hanging out and this thing's on the bird
feeder but I'm sure it's nothing nothing
to worry about and watch out moves watch
oh yeah arms cocked
but the movement watch this oh yeah oh
it got a hummingbird by its head it
doesn't give a fuck there's so strong oh
my god
praying mantises are so strong these
back legs are just hanging on the
birdfeeder and his front is eating a
bird yeah and just drop down with it now
here's the thing if you had arms like
proportionate arms like look how small
the arms are how you would imagine like
god they can't be strong they have their
levers their levers and also their
insect levers with an exoskeleton and
they have preposterous amounts of
strength relative to their size have you
ever seen ants carry things off yeah
like it's ridiculous this hombre is
longer right proportionately we are and
we are so lucky
do you remember Starship Troopers look
at this guy's let's guys get involved
metal yeah the guy saved that only
hummingbirds let's fuck the little point
of contact for its little legs to be
holding on to that crazy plus the birds
trying to fly away and it's like it's
crazy there so strong that is insanity
you don't realize how strong they are
until you see we have this thing in our
head where we see something and we think
of ourselves and we think of like sighs
oh that was probably weaker than the
other thing right that's its size figure
we would compare ourselves but have you
ever been around a chimpanzee have you
ever like had a chimp touch a chimp with
a baby now a Newsradio once we had a
baby chimp huh-huh and it had diapers it
was like two years old and it was there
for some scene that we wind up not even
using uh-huh but I played with this
chimp and some holding them and it's
really heavy
look this little thing but feels like
it's made out of wood
uh-huh like it's so dense solid and
that's where I had it in my head and
then it was hitting me in the back and I
was like oh my god you know was playing
with me this is so strong this is a baby
but it gives you this understand like oh
I have a distorted idea of what it is
but I think it's like me but little what
straw is not it's a totally different
kind of thing yeah yeah density of its
tissue
it's made of monkey pus it's made of
preposterous ly strong material jeez
Louise yeah that ain't shit compared to
praying mantis the praying mantis was
the size of a chimp the chip would be
fucked if
that's what's weird about them we're
lucky then little yeah do you ever
starship troopers yeah they were like
giant praying mantises that killed
everybody wait what
remember the bugs oh yeah yeah yeah it's
giant but yeah the ground actually we're
like a giant praying mantis or a beetle
or some shit yeah well what were the
bugs like I don't remember what they
looked like I just remember them being
shot yeah look at this bro it literally
has a giant mantis yeah he's got levers
oh so different kinds of bugs yeah
they're like beetles they're all kinds
afraid this was a movie in the 90s or
something right yeah 87 yeah whatever
happened that dude who was the the head
guy Kaspar Andy I'm like maybe one of
the most handsome people that ever
walked to face the earth he's so perfect
what happened to him he's beautiful
yeah look at him oh yeah even now today
at age 51 verse 27
there was a starship to 427 Starship
Troopers 3 there's a lot of them I think
he was in all of them but yeah show me a
video from Starship Troopers 2017 I need
to see that is there a video trader of
Mars
Don TomTom go to videos oh here we go oh
boy it's in Mars no not a cartoon oh
it's fake you fake Fox oh is it a video
game no I don't think so I think it's
just a CGI movie oh wow the whole movie
oh it's like the beginning of a video
crazy that a CGI movie now is actually
cheaper than doing a movie with CGI you
can do the whole thing in CGI now and
that's good that that's that's how
they're making movies right now because
you can't go into production oh yeah how
many actors are losing their fucking
minds now they're so fragile as it is
it's getting magic
yeah man if you were dating a crazy
actress and she was hot but he stuck
around but even though you knew she was
a mess crazy all the hair real hair
colors coming out
oh my god thanks for signing my book Jim
I didn't sign I mean no but you put a
quote on the that's right I did and it
comes out today right it comes out today
are you you just segwayed into book
sales did you I did I did a lot it means
a lot that you did this oh please I love
you says you're doing great
yep you're doing great another reason
stay alive yeah you are it's just
relative well not everybody and other
reasons to stay alive I had no idea how
relevant it was gonna be when the when I
wrote it
I'm in lofty company here on the book
Patton Oswalt Matt Damon and Whitney
Cummings yeah you have some powerful
friends who all good people do this a
real long book all right now you can
write this bitch I year-and-a-half
really yeah pages about 300 yeah you're
doing great and other reasons to stay
alive I had to do the audio book I had
to sneak in during quarantine how did
you sneak in it was like the first week
and I had to drive to a secret location
and go in and read the book and I had my
Apple watch I guess technically you did
you had an apple yes then it alerted me
when I got there that what that I should
be staying home what mm-hmm
cut the shit uh-huh what'd it say it
said reminder stay at home water
everybody stay watch is kind of ratting
you out uh-huh
yeah I'm just which to samsara know as
soon as I got there God cuz I felt weird
going anyway but I had to get the audio
book done it was just gonna be me and
the producer with a mask on and I got to
the spot and I was driving and it was
like you know the first couple of days
so it was really quiet out there was
nobody and I'm just cruising along and
parked in the parking lot go into the
thing and bling on my watch reminder
stay at home order to the team if you in
your car your Tesla would have argued
with it shut up we're trying to make
America great we challenge you you're my
civil liberties let me out
I don't like that but it was weird going
because I was reading the book I you
know you have to read your whole book in
like two days
started to go back and there were parts
of the book that were like so on point
of what's going on like I talked about
this thing about animals coming to
attack us like that I always run into
animals that are attacking me and then I
get the whole last part is and I don't
want to start talking about germs ecoli
Ebola all these germs we haven't heard
of yet coming for us that we don't have
antibiotics for like stuff like that Wow
I do this whole run on cruise ships
you're never gonna get me on one of
those cruise ships they're filled with
disease and and I'm reading the book
pandemic yeah yeah yeah yeah Tim Dylan
was here a couple weeks ago and had a
epic rant on cruise ships oh really
we found out while he was here we found
out while he was here that it costs $25
a week to be on one of those cruise
ships what does that mean it costs $25 a
week for someone to be on isn't that
what it was it was like $100 for a
four-day cruise so week $25 a day
there's like a thousand or two thousand
that's right a hundred dollars
it was more than a four-day cruise it
was like five to seven it's like Mexico
alright so okay we broke it down to how
many how many dollars it was a day right
so it's like I'm confused though less
than it was less than $20 a day right
what the cost of what you do to be on a
cruise ship huh it's better than being
homeless but we're like how many
homeless people just go on a cruise ship
because it's all-you-can-eat ready you
could really get fat you could go crazy
and get fat is apparently I bet if I had
a guess I've been on a cruise ship but I
think the way they make you going oh you
have to pay for the booze I think so
give you free booze mmm I don't know you
probably get like one drink for free
right like a drink ticket yeah once you
start going on a bender awful rack up
that credit card oh my god just they're
disgusting without a pandemic you just
I've never been on one I've never had a
desire to be on one my kids wanted to go
on one there's a Disney cruise my fuck
you don't know shit you're six
Disneyland and you can leave when you
want you want a cruise you're stuck in
the middle of the ocean with a bunch of
wackos you ever hear that comedian that
was that came on the boat after the last
entertainer molested somebody sexually
assaulted someone up on deck so they
wouldn't let the performers up on deck
[Music]
entertainer some like other comic or
somebody got a little handsy
they was locked down so this guy shows
up I forget who was a comedian shows up
on the boat and he's told you can't go
above deck you've got to stay down in
the quarters where everywhere with the
crew so he has to stay in his room in
his quarters and his room opened up and
the stage door was across the hallway so
he was just sitting down there for days
then they came knocked on the door time
to perform he walks out onto stage in
front of a thousand people good night
everybody it's over he goes back into
his hole like a hamster so brutal I
would never ever ever couldn't do the
only person I know who enjoys those is
Alonzo but Alonzo Bodden does does jazz
cruises yes I know it's different it's
totally any hangs out with the musician
yes he loves jazz loves it so for him
it's like you know like if you want
different crews if you went on a bread
cruise just the best bread makers in the
world I would do that I probably would
I'm just great bread makers are there
could you fill up a cruise ship you
couldn't but you could fill it up with
the people who want to learn you could
definitely could do that right so it
could be like baking lessons yeah
and and then just the Baker's yeah I did
my Instagram my social media has just
been bread tutorials since with the
pandemic really a hundred all my whole
feed is people cuz I just before it
happened I this is a plug for my YouTube
I put all my videos on YouTube showing
people how to bake bread cuz it from
doing this show everybody was like yeah
so I put up this I just put up these
tutorials of how to make it and then the
pandemic hittin people couldn't get
yeast so they just started flooding to
my YouTube and sending pictures now
every day I get pictures thanks Tom
here's my first effort people like one
on one leg why do you come out flat so I
changed my whole podcast my whole
podcast now is breaking bread with Tom I
talk to you about this yeah yeah hey you
gotta come on it
I would love to I use Segura was the
first one was he yeah and it just it
just what are you filming at the all
things comedy place we're going to what
are you filming it now well right now we
Tom and I did it remotely we had cameras
on both of us
so Tom wasn't or shit I know who's the
place did Alonso who scared of germs Tom
I don't think I think it was a
scheduling thing mmm yeah maybe it's Tom
I would have done it are you just gotten
tested by you yes thank God yeah so Anne
Alonzo had also so Alonso and I did one
that's gonna come out next week and I'm
just gonna create a set you know
remember the remember Billy Crystal on
on Saturday Saturday Night Live that you
look marvelous Kay
yeah yeah and he's just in like that
Italian booth like it Musso and Frank's
oh yeah that's Mike that's gonna be my
set I'm just gonna be frank because it's
breaking bread it's just sitting like an
old Italian restaurant yeah and I we
said food and wine yeah I think I'm
gonna do it like that forgot how fun
that was that you look marvelous thing
it was so good child yes we were kids
remember it was that Howard Cosell on in
the eighties 81 maybe Wow was it really
I think so he had Howard Cosell is like
a great one
I just love that set and that I love
that he's just 585 so that's the year I
graduated high school yeah yeah where's
that form years old yeah yeah little
baby you look marvelous Billy Crystal he
was a handsome little fella when he was
young he was one of that face he really
was remember that movie he did about the
really depressing comedian mr. sadness
your son mr. Oh mr. Saturday night yes
yeah hated it I remember I went to see
it I was on the road uh-huh and I went
to see it during like there in the
daytime before the show by myself
I remember leaving going this is not how
comedians are Jesus Christ my friends
are comedians like this is the thing
that was the movie yeah there's the
thing about comedians that people always
want to think yeah that we're depressed
and angry in real life yes that's not
true very dark it's not a weird
stereotype it is about the people that
we know yeah
think about like Segura and Alonso I
give you went okay you and I if we were
talking with no crap camera we talk just
like this no different shit we'd be
laughing absolutely no different we're
not brooding I'm not a brooding guy no
and I know there are a few but I think
they're the minority I think so too
I'm thinking about the guys that I hang
with in New York like Colin and Norton
and Robert Kelly and those guys and
they're not there's a little darker but
I would say what people think is that
everyone's brooding and dark but I mean
they're the most joyful people and I
hang with them it's nothing but laughs
and they're complicated though yeah well
nor comedians are complicated comedians
are complicated like right they're busy
heads
well Norton is complicated and Norton
also spent a long time on the Opie and
Anthony show yeah which was the whole
thing about that show was being a wreck
[Laughter]
it was a shit talking fest I mean yeah
people said the most preposterous things
just to get a reaction yeah you know and
then like
there's something about those days where
you know especially the early 2000s yeah
and then not late 90s oh yeah people
said the most awful things to make other
comics laugh yeah and if you took that
stuff out of context yeah like that's a
gross thing that people do that little
gotcha thing but people like to take
things yeah but someone said I'm one of
those shows out of context like I'm sure
Norton has had a bunch of horrific
things that he wish he never said but he
said them so that one you or I or
Petrino's phrase you're trying to make
Patrice or Anthony we would all be
laughing here but it's not because he
means it there's a real gross 'no stew
that sort of going after people for old
ridiculous things they said on the radio
shows especially comedians especially
especially that kind of a culture like
you're saying yeah the whole thing was
it was like a roast every night and like
a classic roast every night which is
these are the hardest these are the
funniest people on the planet the only
thing is gonna make them laugh is
surprise and the only way to surprise
them is to say something yeah surprise
Patrice O'Neal with something comedic
Lee yeah we know how to reach deeper
shock Norton yeah good lord and the
other offensive part of that of gotcha
kind of thing which I don't think these
guys have had - yeah I don't think
they've come after them so much but
anyway I think when you when you hung
with them when you were there it was
love it was just pure love these guys
cared about each other so deeply yeah
and would say the most horrid say
something to rich Voss that was always
the nail was almost always the nail but
he relished it because he's I mean
there's talk about a naturally funny
human being he is so quick so quick so
naturally funny and also takes a joke as
good as anybody who ever lived takes it
right on the chin like those slap
fighting guys and I don't know friends
that loved each other more than
Norton to Voss - Colin - Robert no it
was a special time the opening Anthony
day yeah it was really special
yeah it definitely dipped into stuff
like if you just rolled it into that
show out of context in your car when it
was on sexual radio I'm sure what it
must have spun people's heads around
like well some people came in as guests
and didn't understand it and I was there
for a few of those oh yeah and it was
horrendous for them I remember watching
these like like yeah sort of sitcom II
actors who didn't know that yeah
especially once they had gotten over to
Sirius XM and it was just like fucking
no-holds-barred
yeah language everything and then and
then there were people that would come
on there who were surprisingly cool like
dr. Phil or Jerry Springer would come on
yes yes so cool roll with the punches
kind of guys I'm really good friends
with dr. Phil's son oh yeah dr. Phil is
great oh yeah I would have never
imagined he is the easiest going nicest
guy yeah had him on the podcast he's
fucking great yeah that's the funny I
was on the show with him like in the
later years and yeah he seemed like a
very cool guy he's a lot well what did
he catch with the with the beginning of
the corona stuff there was a lot of they
were saying that he was he was one of
the guys that they were saying isn't a
scientist and he made some comments what
do you say I don't know he said
something maybe he was about that that
on the side of this isn't a we shouldn't
be overreacting I think is the gist of
it well he he's a psychologist right
yeah which is probably the mental health
maybe of what was what the lockdown
would cause something like that I think
if you want to look at things from a
psychologist perspective yeah I want to
talk to a psychologist about the mindset
of people that panic in pandemics mm-hmm
because this is I mean when it comes to
pandemics this is a fairly mild one yeah
I mean I hate to say that to anybody
that lost loved ones or anybody that's
currently sick yeah it's not to be
insensitive about that but the reality
of the past and you look at the Black
Plague
Spanish flu or any of the horrendous
ones that people went through before
this one's fairly mild in comparison if
unchecked would this be as dangerous as
the Spanish flu no you look at the
number of people that are asymptomatic
rises this is unchecked like 78% of the
people that contact us are asymptomatic
that's one of the shocking stats that I
see on on Katie Couric Instagram she
puts just this fact sheet up every day
and it's really just useful like just
just numbers you know the shocking
number is the number of people who beat
it you know who had it were hospitalized
whatever and finally in hospital it's a
huge number I have eight Friends of God
it the only one that was hospitalized is
Michael yo right Michael yo got it
pretty bad
but I think I think he beat himself up I
think his body was beaten down and I
think it's a wake-up call to us one of
the things that I'm noticing from not
traveling as I feel so much better
dude I can't tell you I've been thinking
like I can't believe what I was doing
for the last 20 years I can't no
hardcore up at 4:00 a.m. flying in
getting on stage pounding out 2 hours of
material get up 4 o'clock the next day
next city
boom boom for 20 years yep doing radio
can't I'm starting to think about I used
to ride a motorcycle and when you're in
it and riding the bike all the time it
makes perfect sense it's safe it seems
like you're manageable you stay off that
bike for two years you're like I'm never
getting on a bike again that's mostly
fussing with me what was wrong with me
I'm starting to think that with travel4
stand up I'm like was I insane I mean I
will hit a little too I've actually
talked to a couple of my friends about
this I might do a residency in LA
Theater yeah get a theater like a
500-seat theater mhm and just bang out
weekends there yeah yeah it's a really
good idea I'm sorry Belle did that in at
the Beacon yeah he would just do like
like two weekends of a month yeah you
can do it yeah you can yeah you can do
it all pleased with the amount of people
that live in this area
yeah and people fly in look we get that
at the Comedy Store all the time I've
run into people all the time of the
Comedy Store the LA we flew in from
Australia we flew in from Ireland yeah
people they fly in from all over the
world because they know that a Comedy
Store is there and you can go there on a
Tuesday night and see some insane line
on sane and this is I mean that's the
one thing about our economy locally
that's really devastating is tourists
yeah I didn't realize how I always think
just show business here it's tourism oh
the people that come here every single
year yeah I know then then you could
have a residency you know if the to bang
and I'm also thinking tour a little more
I mean I'm talking out of my ass because
when people call and give me an offer I
go but I think like if I could tour like
a band and be like I'm going out in the
fall I'm going September through right
Thanksgiving that's my tour right and
then I'm home have you ramped up touring
over the last few years at all yes yeah
when did you start ramping it up I would
say the last five years last five years
when I started selling bigger places and
starting to do theaters sorry kid
chatter baby boy yeah it was like you
know you fight your whole life to be
able to play a theater once that started
happening I was just yeah I remember the
first time ever sold out a theater was
the craziest feeling ever
yeah I remember pulling at the parking
lot this is not even a comedy club yes
is a theater like there's bands come
here it's a real shit right yeah yeah
you see the people on the walls yeah and
then you see all these people that don't
work with comic clubs like you know the
security people and the sound guy and
like hey what's up man how you doing Dan
Joe nice to meet you Baba do you need
anything nope nope just a stool yeah you
know cool they're so happy they're so
used to people coming in with real
demands and you're used to being treated
like shit for years they're all there
see you yeah it's weird it makes it a
show it makes it feel like a real show
yeah it feels the most surreal zarina's
that's the most surreal yeah I can't
imagine you come with me in one I would
love you ever get allowed to do it again
oh I'm sure we can do it in Florida this
weekend well you can in Kansas City you
can yeah Missouri's allowing concerts
concert right now really let's go
another thing you know when our people
buy tickets I have no idea but
apparently Missouri just passed a thing
I saw it on I saw it through a trusted
source lil Duval's Instagram page yeah
that Missouri's allowing concerts yeah I
mean it's all gonna come back it is
gonna hopefully but but you got to
wonder how many people like you or I who
are looking at our life now going okay
well what am i doing my mind am I gonna
keep doing this and beat myself up
because I just did it Saturday right I
flew to Florida Saturday and then I flew
back home first flight Sunday morning so
I was you know I was back home at like
10:00 a.m. on Sunday but then I got an
IV bag I got a vitamin bag of IV yeah
and I got another kovat tester so just
give me a test
I know every one was tested at the UFC
they were very stringent with the
testing you have to ever whisper
wristband to get there I go but just hit
me with another test right not that bad
yeah um but I was thinking before the IV
bags of IV bag made me feel pretty good
I was like what am i doing like am I
gonna keep doing this like why am I
gonna keep doing this yeah you know I
quit
well because we love performing and you
look and people want to see you and it's
what we do by the way bitch I'm gonna be
in the theater I know I know I still do
some all students lunch I'm still gonna
go but no I'm gonna go but I don't know
and it sounds so the only reason I
hesitate is because my kids are a little
older and I mean I didn't have the
freedom to do it earlier when they were
a little I'm saying like I should have
stayed home when they were little but
that's when I was coming up and you know
yeah and I do love it I have to say when
you're in the rhythm of it's only again
it's the motorcycle it's the distance of
it that makes it seem crazy when I was
in the middle of it it was just what I
did you do it Ron White style if you had
your own Tom Papa jet you tell you say
what he does he's got his own jet Ron
White's got a jet there was that great
scene I think I've mentioned this on the
show when the Ray Charles movie with
Jamie Foxx and see that when he may be I
didn't forgot and when he read read does
his contract he puts a jet in it it's
part of the contract because something
about he's in the
raising was somewhat conveying that
because the travels gonna kill you
that's the thing that kills you
mmm it was it is a travel on your own
jet gonna kill you less oh yeah you're
cutting down days when I would tour with
Seinfeld he would I would be home after
doing a gig in Atlanta I would be home
in New York earlier than the guys doing
sets at the cellar and coming home cuz
you'd fly that night fly that night
you're home you're home you'd open your
own bed yes it's a home now you're not
staying in the hotel yeah shitty sleep
you're not going of course you're gonna
live longer right but you know but if
it's so long ago though it's so great I
love I do I'm in my yard and I you know
there's not that many planes going to
Burbank now it's almost none
almost none like several a day kind of
thing and they like a little burst at
night and all over but when I hear them
and I look up and I see the bottom of
Alaska air it looks like a like a like a
whale's belly oh I'll be with you guys
soon how the airline survived this how
they gonna make it well they got a lot
of dough I don't know how you yeah they
did how much do they have I don't know
they got a the government helped them oh
but I don't know so government getting
that money hey just make it well why
didn't they make it to fix the fucking
impoverished neighborhoods why didn't
they fix all that they're not poor
people no I don't know how you get back
to our operating in air line right an
airport how do we get six feet apart at
TSA the house the lines gonna be up to
gonna mean San Francisco it's gonna be
insane yeah you know my god I didn't
think of that
yeah when they're at full capacity how
do you get through security when is it
gonna happen are you gonna have to go
six hours before your flight when can it
happen I don't know that part that's
you do that again like that either
vaccine or it ravaged the population
travel for our process self check-in
disinfection immunity passes oh fuck off
look at those outfits or our process for
our process what come on for hours
once airports borders open again people
are able to fly freely a process already
in play as airports of all sizes around
the world
ready strategies to ensure a healthy air
travel how much are you ready to change
your flying habits oh my god it could
get a little bit less because this is
also a tenant in says this might cause
less people to then fly which yes brings
the lines down a little bit right but
that's gonna fuck everybody up because
it's gonna be less flights available
yeah there you are yeah oh yeah right
now but this is in the middle of the
quarantine once the quarantine is lifted
yeah like when when can you fly to
Bozeman Montana
yeah no exactly it's gonna be you know
travel is gonna be someone my sister
sent me an article of some guy was like
had to take a flight for work and
everyone was saying oh I'm so jealous
you're getting to fly for work and it's
gonna be empty and it's gonna be great
and he said it was horrible because
people were tense and nervous on flights
before yeah and like putting their
things in the overhead and you know
trying to get ahead of you in line now
people's nerves are so it was like they
didn't want to be near other people they
once saw everyone else's like a
contagion and it's just like get away
from me and you know very the nervous
energy of the experience was a real drag
oh my friend Lexi flew from Boston to do
the show he was the only person on the
plane is a private plane just for him a
whole plane oh my get a mask on one he
said the stewardesses didn't even talk
to him right it was no no water no
nothing you know you don't get shit
don't even make contact do you see the
fuck away from you now listen if it
means that fewer people are coming to be
flying and we can go back to flying like
it's in the eighties have wouldn't be
such a bad thing
yeah but if you want to travel to places
yeah you have to have a viable the
airline has to have a reason a scheduled
flight
like don't you think it was traveling
but don't you think it was a little
maxed out by the that before things go
like every flight there is when I
started my career there were empty seats
on Plains there were it wasn't a mad
rush of humanity at the I mean are you
okay more for plane tickets yes yes I
just have a joke in my act
we're because of the crowd and stuff and
people say the people say the airlines
are expensive I people say it's too
expensive to fly I say not expensive
enough it's a business travel and you
didn't the family of six a vacation
locally I hope you're doing great sells
a lot and get one there on white Jeff oh
man I hope so yeah he's got fucking
smoking cigars drinking tequila just
flying around flying around yeah getting
on a bus doing it when I flew did
Chappelle he smokes on planes smoke
cigarettes of course like this is
outrageous
he doesn't even ask if the people around
him are okay with it you just had it's
like his thing well you can smoke on a
private jet I guess I guess again must
have to have some sort of an agreement
with the pilots yeah that yeah look
you're in a fucking tube now around it's
like that air is gonna get to everybody
there's only one guy that can do that
how much filtration is in that airplane
yeah well that's what they keep putting
out reports
I keep getting notes from the airlines
do you get those in your email I don't
read them the little videos and stuff
from the owner UNITA mask yeah we're all
disinfecting in all our areas of 98%
fresh and only 30 percent yeah but no
it's gonna be I I do feel like it's
recalibrating how you look at everything
but once it all gets opened up and you
like have an opportunity to go to all
these places you probably go back to
what we were doing when I was in Florida
I was walking down the hallway and
Hotel and some guy in his rooms coughing
yeah fucking panicked I panicked
yeah I was like oh no walk faster
quickly get through the hallway
I remember thinking like wow is this how
I'm gonna be from now on I hear a coffin
I'm gonna freak out I know something
that didn't mean jack shit I know three
months ago now I was like yeah often and
it's going through the vent and it's
coming into my room little particles in
there my last gig was in Pennsylvania
and it was the Keswick Theatre and like
just north of Philadelphia and it was
all just starting it was like March 7th
so it was all starting to really stop
and I get on the flight and I'm like
wondering like is this gonna be my last
gig for awhile and I was really kind of
bummed out about it and then Paula
Poundstone came on plane and I know
Paula from wait wait don't tell me and
she's just great you know and she comes
out and she's just like we're fucked
I go really thinks ago yeah and then she
goes to sit in the back and she has an
asthmatic condition oh no the whole
flight she's just coughing in the back
like a violet heavy coffee at periods
she comes up to go the bathroom some
point she's like I'm real popular today
she was just freaking the entire plane
out oh my god no oh my god she's so damn
funny
has she ever gonna know she's got asthma
she asks you some asthma thing yeah that
would make it really terrifying yeah she
can't get it right right look that kind
of thing I know I know God is she funny
though so dry and just just a road
warrior talk about travel whoo she just
pounded out for years years she was
really popular at one point um mm-hmm
what happened really popular she had a
drinking thing she had a little
kerfuffle she had some thing with people
who said stuff about her as a mom and
stuff and it was all cleared up and it
she it took a little
a hit and then she came back then she
just went on the road and just kept
going and she was you know cleared of
everything there was no problems and she
just took every gig she could take and
just played it played it played it and
she's been on wait wait don't tell me
for 30 years straight and she's just
what is wait wait don't tell me I said
that's the NPR show
it's a Peter sagal and it's uh like a
news quiz and it's just they have three
comedians on I do it with Alonzo a lot
it's a podcast alright it's a no it's an
NPR radio show and a podcast but it was
a radio show first and then they it's
runs as a podcast and it's all current
events it's all like you know stuff
that's happening in the week mm-hmm and
Paula is known as just the her crowd
work is like her real she's so in the
moment off-the-cuff brilliant probably
one of the best of all time and so in
that format for the show she's just
killer so she did that for 30 years and
it came and she still you know I her
audience is a little older but she's
super she sells out all these places you
know she does not have to do radio for
tickets you know she's she's has a real
real strong base yeah there's so many
people that made a living on the road
and kind of counted on it
mm-hm so like the yeah bills every month
were kind of high mm-hmm you know and
now they're in this situation where like
holy shit like when when can I work yeah
no kidding
no kidding I mean that's the thing like
in entertainment even when there were
recessions entertainment always did okay
right this one there was a thing in The
Sopranos were like one of the characters
says you know in a recession
entertainment and our thing we're okay
and the recession-proof with this one my
performance holy shit well Live Nation
almost went under oh really
yeah yeah Live Nation got a giant chunk
bought out by this Saudi Empire uh-huh
did you hear about that yeah yeah what I
mean what the fuck
they bought a sizable chunk of Live
Nation you know because it's an open
it's a public company right so they were
hurting
but see you find that article so they
bought synaptic controlled saudi-arabia
purchases 500 million dollar stake in
Live Nation because that 500 million was
probably worth a couple billion before
this I don't know what that means I mean
what is it worth now I mean this is what
I mean they're really taking a chance
five point seven percent stake in live
Wow how much does lamination work yeah
billion five point seven yeah it's 500
million gets you five percent right
Saudi public investment fund disclosed
the state compromising twelve million
three hundred thirty seven thousand five
hundred and sixty nine shares and a
filing with the Securities Exchange
Commission on Monday they're taking a
big chance too though because like when
is that gonna be happening again in
Missouri this weekend just Missouri so
ya know it'll come back I mean it'll be
back but it's can you sustain the the
downside of it we're all gonna say the
plan dictate what do you what is this
the Missouri thing okay Missouri
governor Mike parson unveiled a state
reopening plan April 27 that included a
note that live conscious can resume
starting Monday May 4th woo billboard
reports Missouri's the first state in
the u.s. to reopen live events amid the
corona virus pandemic the plan dictates
that seeding shall be spaced out
according to social distancing
requirements which is a bullshit
nonsensical requirement you're all stuck
together in a room screaming and the
concert goers must remain at least six
feet apart well that won't happen when
people are peeing the mayors of Missouri
major major cities st. Louis Springfield
in Kansas City have revealed that live
concerts and large gatherings will not
return as the city's stay home orders
will remain intact
the mayor's overriding the governor yes
it says we will be will continue to be
guided by data not dates st. Louis mayor
leta leta Crewson someone sounds like a
liberal so now we can't do concerts in
st. Louis either yeah so it looks like
it's not gonna happen in st. Louis it'll
be a bet maybe Kansas City maybe we'll
let you go there yeah somewhere
someone's gonna do it yeah who's gonna
be the first concert the idea
staying six feet apart like how many
seats you have to give up like we're
about six feet apart how many seats is
between you and me three maybe three one
two three four four so you'd have to
give up four seats so you'd have one
quarter if you're lucky yeah fuck that
yeah that's so crazy yeah everyone
except that doesn't really we're on a
date oh yeah can you can you if you take
your lady friend and they sit next to
each other what'd you do that trick with
the popcorn well here's the thing what
about you got the hole in the bottom of
the popcorn put your junk in it then she
goes for the popcorn the diner mickey
rourke scene where the fuck are they
gonna go we're gonna have the stag
repeat they're not right behind you
there's over here mine fuck off too
close to the people that are close to
you yeah
that won't work Broadway just said
they're not opening till Labor Day well
thank God I don't like Broadway and
their audiences all the musical 65-plus
that really should be terrified yeah
when they open when they say they're
gonna open Labor Day Labor Day September
whoa yeah originally said June now it's
not only by that Labor Day
I'm supposed to do Madison Square Garden
October 3rd whoo yeah New York City
Marathon how's that going ember I don't
know how's that gonna happen isn't it
amazing how the months seem so close now
oh yeah when you do in the math of like
will I be able to go out and we're
sitting here in May and all of a sudden
October looks like it's next week well
November first I'm at the forum the
Great Western forum out here oh wow yeah
how would that be sweet when I think
about it if I could do that
imagine if you were though imagine if
you make it imagine if something happens
between now and then where you were able
to go do the garden wouldn't that be
great weekend shows at the Houston
improv
Brian Collins already there right now
what yeah well my my shows are still on
sale in San Francisco right now this
motherfucker it says Allen Adams steps
in Saturday May 16th I salute you Allen
and your wonderful mustache some
problems it looks like
good for them different rules everywhere
but fucking yeah I think I don't think
there's anything wrong with that I don't
you know if you're if we're a school and
if they do some precautions and it's
gonna be young people know it'll be half
the say it seats 400 maybe they'll have
150 I don't know if that's what they're
doing there though and I'll just be
sitting down I don't think this is buck
wild bro maybe bring a gun I like the
Kalends going hey I might move to Texas
Kalyn and I in a shop I've actually
talked about this like getting a ranch
together
well if here's the thing if California
continues to be this restrictive yeah I
don't know if this is a good place to
live first of all it's extremely
expensive the tax is here ridiculous
yeah and if they really say that we
can't do stand-up until 2022 or some
shit like I might jet yeah I'm not
kidding yeah I'm not kidding this is
silly I don't need to be here the only
reason why I'm here is that I'm close to
people like you right a lot of my
friends live here stores here but if
they they won't let us do the store but
we could do stand-up other places why
would we stay here mmm we're in Texas
though I don't know man
hmm Austin I like Austin a lot I like
Dallas a lot I like Houston but yeah I
don't know if I'd live in Houston I
would definitely very humid yeah the
summers a motherfucker
Dallas is great trying to read through
this I think they're starting with 25%
of listed occupancy yeah at the improv
mmm yeah they're gonna they're gonna do
it sir it says says they're not doing it
to make money they're doing it for fan
like for the audience's like it says
it's not a money-making opportunity so I
count on Brendan Schaub we're gonna
demand their money the other thing is
they make most their money off of
alcohol and if people have to wear masks
how's that work should we call Callen
right now everyone's got a sippy straw
it's called update operating at 25% will
not be a money making exercise nor will
be 50% when that point is reached so I
got there I've got to uh I'm supposed to
do Portland
hey buddy you're on the air so don't say
anything crazy when are your doing the
Improv in Houston you're a savage how
many people are allowed to be in the
audience whoa that's because that's all
they could sell how many what 200 people
in the crowd what is the normal capacity
and said that the being considered till
July yes yes I said so normally the
Houston improv seats 450 people it says
yeah so they'll allow 200 people is that
what it is right Wow
yeah la is July how crazy is that
yeah right and what's gonna be different
in July nothing's gonna be different in
July what would why would you think
would be about that I wanna speak the
scholar who knows the person who's a
Republican strategist I'll find out the
information she was a correlating it to
that now maybe because she's a
Republican strategist
there's no I don't have any evidence
office but absentee ballots in this cut
in this state I guess favored Democrats
in common Democrats but that's what I
heard that doesn't make any sense
because this state is basically blue
anyway I mean that that seems like a
ridiculous thing to sink the economy for
something you already have winning that
can't be that you keep me can't blow up
the whole economy just for that
I think it's probably more of a
liability thing like they're worried
about if they make a decision and
somehow it gets connected to a larger
amount of deaths you know cuz these
people get paid while this is all going
on like they are not the people that own
the small businesses they're not Brian
where we move in where we move you want
you to Texas has decided for my own good
to shut down the entire state and the
economy but this is primarily a disease
that is fatal to the mean average I
think is eight years eighty-one yes we
actually talked about it on the podcast
that the average age that people die
from this disease is older than the
average age people die whatever my
politician yeah no I agree with you I
agree with you in that way I think it's
LA County is actually July the governor
still has May 15th and that they're
moving forward with stages so the next
stage will be gyms and they're gonna
have you know certain disinfection
salons things like that they're gonna
have to have certain rules in place hand
sanitizer things along those lines
I think they should quarantine people
that are higher at risk and quarantine
people if they choose to be quarantined
because they're still scared of it
that's what I think can you ask I don't
get it either but Tom Papa wants to open
for you he's here right now
you know what's open for you
[Music]
[Laughter]
I'll call you I'll call you I love you
buddy
[Laughter]
I have an offer to go do it in two weeks
and then may may Houston improv which
Salt Lake City oh wise guys
yeah of it there I know take it how many
people in the audience uh 150 fill it up
and let's test that immunity
come on pussies my Portland show is like
a two weeks after that I would live in
Utah and I like Utah you know it's
beautiful
people are scared of Mormons so nobody
moves there yeah it's there so nice
those cities so cool members in the
world I love it but a lot of people are
not cult members that live in Utah yeah
there's a lot of non-mormons that live
there and they're the nicest folks now
that's so nice and it's a it's I think
the most beautiful state it's so diverse
it's a very beautiful state god it's
gorgeous mountains in the Canyonlands
and preach preach Tom papa oh I love it
there could you live there
I could live anywhere anywhere well wise
guys is a great club to work out of too
if like you needed like a local club to
practice yeah you could do wise guys
it's a good spot it's the most
underrated club in the country I think
ya know it's great - real good look
everybody knows how great Comedy Works
in Denver is everybody knows how great
is a knees and Nashville is most people
don't
yeah we sleep on on the short list of
great clubs wise guys in Salt Lake
City's right up there yeah yeah yeah oh
man do you think kids will be back in
school in September I don't know but if
they're not it's gonna be a mess my kids
are they're mocking their teachers with
the fucking computer on me like dude my
my middle daughter my 12 year old she's
a savage it
she's ruthless predator and she just
like put them on mute oh yeah this is
hilarious they wake up right before they
go to school right now okay wake up at
7:56 pretty they drank some water and
they fucking brothers they're compute
it's like kids are up all night long - I
don't even I don't have no idea when
they go to bed it's like - I guess to
pee in the middle of the night I still
hear movies being played sitting on our
computer eating breakfast in bed and the
teachers could not be less enthusiastic
yeah one of my daughters my 9 year old
the fucking teachers always late yeah
she gets mad at them if they're they
tuned into the zoom thing late but like
she'll be there 15 minutes late just
sluggishly talking to them about their
studies and it's so boring sound so
boring boy i sat with her and just to
walk let me be a fly on the wall yeah
it's like it's my regular school is
deadening right so it's so frustrating
or what's for me me too and I think
their schools better than my school but
yeah but the zoom shit is like 75% more
annoying than regular school doesn't
work my friends buddy
my friend's son stayed at school in
Chicago and was like you know I could do
classes from home or you know it's all
gonna be online for the end of the years
so I could go come home tell lay or I
could stay there and do and he said let
me just stay there and be with my
friends at least when we're off and he's
but he's a good student and he loves
going to class he said it just doesn't
compare like you come out of class and
you'd be like I missed that part you
know and you go sit with your buddy and
have coffee and figure out the stuff
that you missed and the whole other part
of the experience it's not just about
them spitting information into your
brain in this two-dimensional space
we're turning people into robots it's
really brutal you know this is the thing
that I talked about
was just joking around but if you just
sat down and broke it down this way if
you were an artificial intelligence
right and you were trying to trick
people into submitting to become some
sort of a symbiotic creation where you
you get people to join the matrix how
would you get them to do that well one
good way to start out is make it so they
don't want to go in anywhere near each
other right separate themselves make
them be accustomed to doing everything
online virtually yeah make them
accustomed to being terrified to be
around people's physical touch you can't
shake hands you can't do anything
so who's controlling this matrix well
this is the future the future is
eventually we're going to be a part of
this look ilan was on here talking about
some neural link thing they're gonna do
were the one your brain his yeah his
literal words were you're not gonna have
to talk to communicate really yes I was
like what well this is it right this is
how you get into the matrix this is how
eventually we're gonna eventually submit
because it's going to be more
interesting than the fucking Mad Max
wasteland that's left in the world as
the temperature rises and the diseases
mutate yeah rock but first of all we'll
be protected by the praying mantis
second of all I need to breathe them the
amazing thing that that is
that I've been observing during this we
are this living organism we are more
linked than we knew
there are everybody seems to be in the
same mood at the same time the same
frustrations the same sadness the same
joys people are craving being with each
other we are this organism that while
we're individuals were also part of this
bigger hive that feeds off of each other
in profound ways and I don't care what
you come up with we want to see and
squeeze and be around and be face to
face and touch each other and there is
that that thing is not it's like asking
fish not to swim
we are not built for that do you would
have to give us a lobotomy for us to do
that now yeah you see ready player one
yes
great movie it was that yeah it's about
this sort of transition to
virtual world that's more it's more more
exciting it's more captivating it's more
it doesn't have that thing it doesn't
have that physical thing you can satisfy
that I don't know if you're right
look how we're freaking out look up
people want to be around each other they
right but this is now yeah well as
things get better with the virtual world
I think there's a real potential I think
that ready player one shit is real I
mean I think that is gonna be the future
whether it's 50 years from now 150 years
from now right there's gonna come a time
where people can't wait to just plug
into this thing and put a helmet on and
go into a crazy world we can skateboard
through the fucking stars look I I love
all that stuff I invite it I would love
to be fired yeah I mean all that stuff
is very exciting and I see how it's
plausible but there is a biological
dimension to this that I think is
inescapable like you'd have to do
something to the human being to break
them down to just be satisfied with that
maybe there has to be some component
that comes over and makes you feel like
a hug hits that party of rain that does
that that's what I'm saying right now
that's what they can do in that I mean
remember and ready player one they had
those haptic feedback suits with
approval the girl touches them and you
can feel it all over his body I don't
remember that part that's you know
that's where it's all gonna go to I mean
if you you look at how connected we are
now computers and to phones into your
Tesla and you know all this electronic
shit that we we have mm-hmm it's just a
matter of time that's the stuffs can
accelerate it's gonna get more
entrenched in your life right so what's
the Elan model is there creating that
for what well they're gonna first steps
is gonna be for people that have
injuries where you know paralysis are
gonna be able to make their body
function again and yeah he actually said
even better mm-hmm
your body would function even better
than it did before your spinal cord was
severed right you're gonna be able to
see people that are you know vision
issues are gonna be able to fix that
brain issues brain trauma they're going
to fix that that's what the first
applications of it's going to
and then eventually it's going to lead
to higher bandwidth access to
information and the way he was saying
you're gonna people are gonna be much
more productive when they're on it
really have it and it's you know
something in a drill hole in your head
and put a fucking Cork in there with
wires that go into different parts of
your brain fire it up
will this be done before I'm old he says
like five years really yeah so I'd be
pretty cool
so the first first people we're gonna
you know first people that try it will
be people that are injured or right
ailments right but whose knees his fight
hurts slightly when he goes upstairs
beaten bread that stuff's making there's
no way causing inflammation you can
never not eat bread like I just baked it
and smell it I could do that
just only greens it's so good to eat
though especially my bread it's so
delicious do you think you'd only eat
bread once a week could have a bread day
I could what have you found out the
bread really bad for you if you go to a
doctor and the doctor says Tom here's
what's going on this is where you could
be and this is where you are and this is
what's holding you back all this fucking
gluten eating this bread and it's
fucking with your joints it's causing
all thright especially your cartilage to
break down you're gonna be crippled when
you're older or you can just have bread
a little bit of mouth pleasure and some
butter oh we can't live without it can
you in this meat this mythical world
that you're talking about this made-up
place where bread is bad for you I guess
I can play around but it's my bread is
good for you how's the pasta flour water
salt and yeast it's the only thing I be
flying so far down it's not bad for you
in moderation it's not bad for you oh
please be essentials
all the people that made you and and and
all the DNA that had to carry you became
a tower loom wheat flatbread yep
heirloom wheat flour yeah do you really
yeah so where do ya for mm-hmm oh yes
should just live in Utah you might might
have yeah because I know when I was in
Italy the pasta you eat does not make
you feel fucked up no it doesn't and
Maynard Maynard from tool he was
explaining to me that when you know cuz
he uses heirloom wheat for his pasta you
know he owns a couple restaurants
yeah yeah and he was saying that
and human beings started fucking around
particularly in America with wheat and
sort of engineering and higher yield
yeah they made more complex gluten
there's more glutens in the in the wheat
and it's a higher yield so like if they
have an acre of the old wheat it would
only grow a certain amount of wheat and
it's like much more now from an acre of
this new wheat but the problem is our
bodies don't know how to digest it
properly right right that's why people
develop all these fucking weird gluten
intolerance issues makes sense no one
had before yeah also when you go over
here everyone's so fat but if you go to
Italy where they eat pasta every day
they're not fat yeah exactly
and you know I've said this a thousand
times but the other stuff that's in the
our bread that you get from the
supermarket is making you sick it
shouldn't be thirty ingredients there
should be four ingredients but what
about water salty preservatives sugars
do different variations of sugar
I bought some bread from the farmers
market it was it was staying on a day
yeah I bought some bread from the
supermarket I bought it three weeks ago
sandwich the other day was great no it's
good I know it's crazy no that's not
good it's not good well they're doing
all this great stuff all these farmers
are growing wheat that was grown in the
region where they farm throughout the
centuries so their Rees Gris populating
it with the stuff that was indigenous to
that region really yeah does that make
it better yeah it makes it better cuz
it's natural it's just real I'm just
gonna show it to you look I mean I've
given you a lot of bread look isn't that
the best bread I've ever given you it
smells very good it's really that came
out last night so beautiful it's a
masterpiece
what do that I mean I'm getting better
you are but now how do you eat your
bread do you put a little Nutella on it
do you eat crazy no you know I gave Ali
Wong loaf of bread during quarantine
been bringing bread to my friends yeah
dropping it off and her husband put it
looked like a block of Nutella on it it
was like more Nutella than bread my
favorite is my favorite thing I like
doing lots of different stuff with it
but my favorite is cream
and sardines with capers god damn I like
what you're saying oh so good get my
pants off Sardi's that sounds friend oh
it's so good and some capers on it oh I
put it oh that was my bread oh that was
a butter actually that is the on it it's
God especially not it's got a chocolate
in here it's one of the that's actually
good
well good for you that stuff oh yeah
that's where I got to get some of that
yeah ooh that looks good
why don't I think it was a Nutella and
that's it before I got pre and after oh
yeah it's so good there it does look
good it's really good what is the what's
in there does it say does it say in the
post in the post
Jimmy scroll up on a chocolate hazelnut
fat butter yeah chocolate hazelnut fat
brother that's good for you oh yeah
chocolate hazelnut yes don't know see
it's not one working on it fat butter is
a great way to get healthy fats oh I
love that stuff I just scoop it out and
not usually the chocolate stuff but yeah
different we have a bunch of different
fat butters right I scoop it out with
spoons ooh that's good cuz it's healthy
calories you know I want a snack and you
don't want to feel like a loser mm-hmm
just eat some of that yeah yeah no I
think back to what you were saying
originally would I be able to stop if
they told me I think you know you can't
eat carbs all the time and feel good
right you can't and you know yeah okay
Tony Hinchcliffe Ken weighs 18 pounds he
eats pasta all day is gonna rip his head
off was joking around about as people
would be so angry at me if they saw how
I so do you have a hint of a gut no
nothing it's except I've eaten with him
after shows that fucking kid can eat
really yeah it's annoying
Tony throws down that's a man has an
appetite he's not fucking around
yeah it is annoying because there really
is got a fantastic genetic makeup yeah
uh you know being able to lose weight
yeah or not gain weight I should say I
gotta lose anyway
that's what on the other hand I gained
anyway either I've brought them lifting
weights and it's that's as hilarious as
his diet
okay sorry to bring up an old subject
which I'm sure you've talked about a ton
but but I've been working out more
during quarantine than I have at last
five years what do you been doin and
I've been doing the Palatine for cardio
holes I don't want to run around so to
move it's really good I really love it
haven't skipped it's really great and
then I have these dumbbells you know the
adjustable yeah I've been using those
great I'm doing those weights in the
middle but everything I see online is
all kettlebell all the time yeah and is
it that much better I've never worked
out with a kettlebell in my life well
you certainly can get a great workout
with dumbbells you can yeah for sure I
mean it feels great but I can show you
how to use a kettlebell and you can get
an understanding of why so many people
like it after the podcast yeah they're
really versatile yeah in the fact that
you're swinging them you're using a lot
of your whole body you're using your
legs using your core and you you know
when you're balancing them you're you
know you're tightening your core you're
using your spine and your shoulders and
your arms right I love them but I've
loved them for a long time I just think
it's a it's a great exercise for for
functional strength meaning like when I
lift a lot of kettlebells and I do it a
lot yeah I feel like when I do martial
arts I have more strength and I move
better my legs move better my body moves
better because you have to use
everything like like it's a if you're
doing like with what Steve max would
call man maker I think that's like clean
press squat it might be it might have
renegade rows in there as well but the
sequences of movements right right you
do these like you could burn yourself
out really quick on these sequences of
movements right because the dumbbells
are isolating they're good
you could but you can do cleans and
presses and stuff with dumbbells yeah
it's just not the best thing for
windmills or for some other kind of
exercise you can do with kettlebells
kettlebells are just really really
versatile yeah it's hard to get one
right now everybody sold out when the
quarantine hit on it we're still really
yeah we have a big sale that's going on
right now and on it but we don't have a
sale like through the whole month but
the kettlebell sale doesn't kick in
until the last week of the month because
we don't even have them in stock Wow we
sold out we sold out so quick and it's
hard to get them right now because a lot
of these places that manufacture them
are shut down because the quarantine so
they couldn't restock them for us
I wonder if now that sporting good
places are open in LA could probably get
stuff there maybe but where are they
getting it from yeah I mean whatever
they had in stock all these companies
are out I know Rogue rogue hired another
company stateside I believe in Rhode
Island to start making their kettlebells
because they were getting a lot of their
kettlebells overseas and you know it's
just like fucking everything shaman
right but once you get them you mean
yeah there's so many great workouts that
you could find online yeah weber is a
great resource he's a he's a guy that
i've talked about he's been on the
podcast before but oh yeah he's got this
great kettlebell Xtreme kettlebell
cardio workout that you could just use
135 pound kettlebell and you get an
amazing amazing workout Wow
yeah that'd be cool I mean just to bury
it up cuz it's you know we've been doing
it for like two months I want to go
somewhere I want to go to a yoga class I
miss yeah I know I miss being a class
with people yes Jiu Jitsu I know that's
got to be driving you crazy I miss
everything can't wrestle around the
biggest thing I miss is comedy Oh 100%
it's such a weird thing I think I talked
about this with you on the phone that
it's not even like oh I just miss being
up you slowly start to change you so I
slowly go inward I feel like like when
I'm writing a lot like I get more
insulated I get more to myself I feel
like that just socially when I'm not
performing when you're writing we're all
in
right which is available right now yes
everywhere wherever books are sold
it'll make you feel good it'll make you
feel good yeah when I'm doing that no
joke when I'm isolated and they're
cranking it out my get a little
different yeah but then I could go out
at night and be out and oh sure it
resets it yeah and this is now being in
quarantine is like I'm writing the book
without having any outlet yeah we missed
that clubhouse environment I mean the
the comic store is a place where it's
like all these these comics that travel
all over the country we get together and
be with our own tribe mm-hmm you know
yeah it's a big part of it and it's a
big part of it and now we're not even
supposed to be I mean people were at the
beginning of this podcast like what do
you why are you allowed to do that like
they were saying I shouldn't even be
allowed to do this right even if I was
testing everybody I'm like just look
yeah but I think it's also because
people are out of work and they're like
why do you get to work like you know it
seems right right why does anybody get
to tell you can't work that's the real
question yeah no question right exactly
I know you got to get people back to
work that's that thing that balance and
it's like I think we've gone pretty far
that one way and now you're gonna really
start hurting people Utah doesn't give a
fuck no let's go well in in controlled
ways but you know they're not being
mindless about it they're not being
irresponsible the next things come out
old people California State University
campuses to remain closed through fall
semester you fucks they're gonna make
California just up a bunch of just veal
we're gonna be veal over here the whole
rest of the country is gonna be out
there I wonder if that herd immunity I
wonder if they're going to charge you
like if you go to we get classes five
hundred thousand kids through your
students online yeah online though fuck
I wonder if he'll still charge you full
tuition and put it online course they
will of course they will dude fuck off
with all this if I was going to college
right now and I found out this was
careful I would switch yeah like I'm
getting out of here
I'm hundred percent my daughter's not
gonna find out till July to go move and
play out-of-state tuition fees at
another school now cuz yeah state
schools so that's like right yeah option
flop
I would move ah that's brutal fucking
gum Texas wouldn't you yeah I probably
would be going to college right Houston
I think find out from mental health I
think it's terrible for kids to be
sitting in front of a fucking computer
all day doing school with no friends
around not being able to mingle and have
it so my daughter's call it school with
no friends awful yeah this might lead to
no football Oh
because if ya discuss if they can't be
on campus then they're not gonna be
playing the games then meanwhile sure I
know they're all spit in each other's
mouths and lifting weights yeah that's a
good point Jamie because then you know
though they don't just play California
schools they play the rest of the
country just looking up the Big Ten
which is where Ohio State plays yeah and
up some stuff there's the discussion of
maybe just having an all and again
conference schedule so like I don't have
to fly they can just drive buses right
Vegas is gonna handle it because like I
said my friend Nick his restaurant
opened up at half capacity but I wonder
how that I have a show in Vegas that
sold out at that Park theater whatever
the fuck that is huh when one next to
the July July course we go in July I
know you've done outside comedy before
is that the potential
I don't enjoy theater yeah you could the
audience likes oh we don't like it yeah
it's okay I mean yeah I did one in
Mountain View in San Francisco this past
year I did one Salt Lake too
it's not as good Dave and I did one so
the energy just goes up into the sky you
don't get to really feel it it's not
really that good no cheese there he goes
like driving things have popped up in
the last couple weeks I don't know how
successful they like music right EDM and
then I think a couple comedians have
tried oh really
Park parking lot comedy or something
yeah my wife kept saying that I should
do drive-in comedy she's like dude gets
the idea yeah okay he's go do driving
comedy no she is kind of over me yeah
people find out whether or not you
really like somebody yeah no I'm okay
he's terrified I'm not terrified I love
it little little horrified I have to do
two more things after this
NPR KPCC both those things would pot
would help both of it's true then I got
driving my car home let the car drive
herself it does drive itself it smells
so good though do you have the the new
driving option the Tesla one that you
have to pay for if you done that the
what self-driving thing there's a new
update that came out you actually pay
for No
yeah I didn't see that yeah there was a
new one that came out if they pay for it
and yeah like four thousand bucks
what oh maybe my car isn't equipped for
it what use your car it's what are we
2020 it's it's probably 2015 oh it's a
piece of shit probably has any gap
batteries
it's got great batter it dies real quick
come on go oh shit
faster than I needed to know yes
impossible it's a killer you should have
the new one I should ever knew him this
is outrageous
it's you're right you're right I should
update but I don't I think I'm probably
missing some hardware though yeah I
think so for that what does it do yes
taste test on it latest self-driving
visualization comes to life in this
impressive picture ooh
Oh so it shows the cones that's
interesting oh yeah because they are so
little something stops Wow that's what
reads the stop sign will it stop for
traffic lights that's the thing that
mine does not do I don't think it does
that yet well then I'm not interested
then it's a lemon go back to that on v9
shows great improvements when it comes
to rendering the surroundings on the
screen but I'm often getting these weird
bugs when stopped or at low speeds play
that let's see what that does
what's the weird bug weird bugs Oh
people are just like moving around like
ghosts and shit there's no one there oh
that's weird
yeah well it's all electronics but then
have you heard of any viruses infecting
Tesla's now maybe I shouldn't put that
out there
[Laughter]
yeah I'm sure they've been trying to
crack and I'm not the guy yeah be the
first one to think that oh yeah no I
think yeah but there's certain things
there's like certain modes and stuff so
that people don't mess with it like a
mode like to kind of shut off the
computer yeah then there's sentry mode -
right we're right how many people
they've caught keying in them oh really
yeah it's so weird man people look
around no one's around like scratch the
shit out of someone's car why would you
do that because they they're angry it's
ridicu the person right they just
decided this is a nice car they see this
sweet model three sitting there just
walk by with keys and scratch the shit
out of it really in warriors the movie I
think that's why Ilan made those cyber
trucks like bulletproof it's gotta be a
way what's gonna fix it yeah and we're
gonna do it like sheet metal steel they
do have some sort of like hacking
competition to look for bugs a group of
hackers won a Tesla Model 3 and a
$35,000 prize for hacking into its
systems a matte camera and Richards ooh
hope I'm saying that right of a team
called flora flora acetate exposed to
vulnerability in the vehicle system
during the hacking competition the
hackers targeted the infimum
infotainment
that's a weird fake work yeah
entertainment would which is it all the
information is entertainment
that's how about media system yeah on
the radio infotainment it's thrown
around like a real word yeah we have
plenty of words that cover both of those
things we don't know new word needed
here we don't need to make hybrid words
yeah it just seems like a weird time how
do we get on the Tesla we were talking
about um talking about your car driving
itself if you got high oh if I got high
right now
my memories strong and that's weed
that's rare though it's very good
yeah super unreliable when I'm hot
yeah no kidding I know sometimes it's
great though sometimes I could pull
things up or you know out of the deep
yeah all these old boxers coming back
Evander Holyfield is coming back what
yes have you seen the Mike Tyson he's
like 65 Mike Tyson's coming back what
yes
you haven't seen dude no okay go to Mike
Tyson's page for his most recent video
on his Instagram Oh get ready for this
oh really
get ready for this because he looks
fucking sensational what is he 55 53 I
think yeah I think he's a year older
than I am I'm 52 but he looks fucking
incredible really terrifying dude he was
so terrible was everything more exciting
than his fights
there were a cultural event oh my god
yeah I'm so exciting the only concern
was that you're gonna spend money and
you weren't gonna get it back look at
this right you needed volume so you can
hear this - whoa
I mean what in the fuck you have to he
looks like I'm bad back it's really
funny oh my god dad on the podcast when
he was in here he said he didn't want to
workout again because his ego would get
fired up again uh-huh and he's actually
said that in his post that my my ego had
been reignited is that mean his rage no
see if you can find it
that is ego there's a he says he's like
being Zen and doesn't want to he gave a
statement about it saying that like his
ego has been reignited uh good for him
yeah good for us he said something about
how the gods of war have brought him out
again it was like really heavy shit I
think it's a real recent real reason
well see if you could find the quote but
it was like oh my when you were with him
gods of war reignited my ego oh my god
and I'm ready to go again yeah he's
gonna fight do you think you have you
think you'd fare against said I think
when he eight-year-old I don't know it
depends on the twenty eight-year-old but
I think that you you for sure need a guy
who's really good at fighting to keep
him off you yeah even if you're in your
20s right here Mike Tyson explains the
desire to fight again I feel unstoppable
now the gods of war have reawakened ego
firing up see if you find that quote he
was one of the things that he actually
talked about in the podcast
yeah the gods of war have awakened me
they've reignited my ego and want me to
go to war again if they don't drug test
him they don't test him for hormones
yeah he things are way different the the
would mean because if he takes hormones
if he's taking right like testosterone
and growth hormone thyroid hormone all
the things that people do when they take
hormone replacement ready your body
functions way better at a way later age
it's different right very different so
if we're talking about like being a 53
year old man in 1985 there's no chance
right everybody fell apart like you
you'd have to like be a really really
really rare person who doesn't take
hormones and can perform like a 30 year
old right in your 50s but when you're on
hormones you can kind of do it it's in
you there's like a guy there's a few
guys that were in the UFC one of the
bigger examples is Vitor Belfort Vitor
Belfort who's a phenomenal fighter a
real legend he was in the first he won
the first tournament that I ever worked
on that was at UFC 12 in 1997 so he was
19 years old back then okay and then
when he was in his late 30s he had a
giant resurgence and it was when they
made testosterone replacement therapy
legal for fighters oh yeah so there was
a bunch of fighters that got on these
testosterone replacement therapy
exemptions mm-hmm and these so they're
taking testosterone but they had an old
man's brain but they moved like a
younger man so it's basically they had
all of the experience of a lifetime of
fighting but because of the hormones
their body actually performed like some
one way way younger than like how much
younger do you think I don't know it
depends on the body depends on what kind
of damage you're dealing with what's
wrong with you yeah whether or not it
can bring you back ten years or five
years or who knows but yeah with these
fighters the things they were never
really out of shape and some of them
there was a quite a few of them in fact
I'm not gonna name any names but some of
them needed those hormones because they
had done steroids so when you do
steroids it shuts down your endocrine
system your endocrine system doesn't
make the proper hormones anymore and so
they needed or it was a real weird sort
of conundrum because everyone was kind
of knew this yeah but there was a weird
loophole that went on for a few years it
was a real gray area in MMA and so say a
fighter could go to the doctor and say
hey I want to get a blood test and see
what my testosterone levels are because
I am feeling very tired right and they
look at it and they test they go up look
at this your testosterone levels are low
you are you're you could take this
hormone injected into your body every
week now you you're eligible for
testosterone replacement therapy right
but the thing is they might have liked
the whole reason why they needed in the
first place might have been that they
they were using it illegally so it's a
weird thing to reward because the
testing wasn't very good and some of
these guys that are a part of this were
part of this testosterone replacement
therapy thing
they were ones that were kind of accused
of possibly using performance-enhancing
drugs in the past right then they get to
use them legally right yeah
Vitor dude I'm telling we everyone in
the MMA community we talk about TRT
Vitor TRT Vitor was a guy who was in his
30s he'd been fighting a long fucking
time yeah but all of a sudden he was
moving like a demon again just smashing
people right
you ever see him fight now do me a favor
Vitor Belfort versus Luke Rockhold
because that was one of the perfect
examples and they're fighting I don't
know if it was in Brazil or what yeah
Vitor had muscles on his teeth but he's
weighing in for that filming it was
crazy and he just blitzkrieg and it was
okay to do it was legal right what he
was doing was legal right it was it was
in and then it took a while for
everybody went hey hey hey this is not
we can't do this and so then the UFC
went the whole other way and they
brought in you sada the US anti-doping
agency now and it's everything and they
randomly test fighters in the middle of
the night all the time oh really yeah
they're really strict man do you think
this just one just got popped for
marijuana he was they have a pretty
liberal range it's a pretty generous
range that you could have so watch this
first of all look at Vitor he's the one
in the red yeah cheers alright
and watch this wheel kick check this out
set it up bang oh do these dude fucking
Vitor when he was on the TRT was one of
the scariest guys that ever lived
up into his trash look at him oh my god
dudes avoided the fuck out of him who's
like a pit bull oh my goodness a demon
back then
there's a few of those fights from that
area from that era rather that we yes
absolutely terrifying today you think
that you should that it should be that
strict against these drugs and you're
fighting it should yes sure yes yeah
it's not it's not um for your health
right
I take testosterone replacement I think
for your health it's a good move when
you get older Rex your body work better
but for fighting there's a weird gray
area like when when should it be legal
yeah you're gonna let people take it
after they're 45 right give it my point
is if they don't test Tyson and
Holyfield yeah and all these guys for
testosterone replacement we might see
some crazy shit might see some gray
invite he's perfect funny paper I do not
know maybe he's on not on anything and
maybe he's just a special athlete rank
lord knows Hershel Walker was Hershel
Walker was a guy who fought in
Strikeforce after he played in the NFL
and was really successful terrifying
like people were avoiding him yeah
people that were like lifelong martial
arts like fuck that guy because he was a
super athlete zoo breath obviously Mike
Tyson was a super athlete no God no one
when they're twenty usually could move
like that you know here he is
fifty three moving like a world champ
throwing bombs again it's only on the
pads we don't know what happens to be
sparse right but but still you have to
like the praying mantis if he gets the
first move he's gonna rip your head off
look how scary he that's what makes us
think of Mike Tyson when he was in his
prom when he'd come out no socks oh my
god those leathers my favorite ever was
the Marvis Frazier fight because it was
really like an execution yeah Marvis
Frazier also was like a really good
fighter and was Joe Frazier son and you
knew what was gonna happen in like
heissen was twenty seconds he was a
different thing yeah he just came in for
the ring yeah I've never seen a boxer
like him before
was just like every fight was an
execution
Brut no frills no nothing no no socks no
robe most of the time ya know comin to
the rain sometimes he had a towel around
his neck sometimes I didn't have that
had he wasn't gonna be there long he was
and you would see the look in the guy's
eyes when they would see him across the
ring like oh my god what the fuck did I
sign up for exciting when you were with
him when he was here yeah do you feel
like this is still a menacing physical
guy or did you feel like well he's real
nice yeah I know he's real nice guy but
he's still but you still have that you
know guys that are tough in their youth
you still feel that yeah who passed what
was the UFC fighter that was saying like
it's like hanging out with a lot Oh was
it Kevin Lee I think it was Kevin Lee
yeah it was Kevin that sounds like he
goes it's like you're next to a lion
perfect way to describe being around in
my hair I just want him to like you know
be cool
I believe he's here ya know it's like a
mythical figure sitting next to you did
he ask me about fighting like what about
what did I ever do and I never felt more
like a fraud in my life
the stupid shit that I did a little
Taekwondo tournaments yeah I had a
couple kickboxing he's a like a cultural
icon yeah if you stop and think about it
like from our generation now be around
him it's like what are your real thing
you're right here it's like being with
Thor or Zeus it's like oh you came out
of the sky and you're talking to me now
so he was a legend he's going to fight
someone and they don't have a fight
scheduled but also Evander Holyfield go
to Evander Holyfield's YouTube I'm
thinking he doesn't look as fast nope he
doesn't but he still looks good yeah I'm
sorry his Instagram not as YouTube
he was as Instagram he posted there was
idiom throwing punches and he said this
is me at 60% who wants to see 70%
doing this my whole life yeah it was
interesting because as a person who's a
giant boxing fan and I am I see what
Holyfield's doing what Holyfield is
doing is he saw the Mike Tyson thing I
saw Mike Tyson looking amazing and then
that fire just got quick got turned on
and he's doing it slow and deliberate
so here he is like running shadow boxing
and then this videos of him
he's jumping rope again she's doing
sit-ups he's a good shape he was in
great shape but he was here but look at
this shadow boxing and then there's a
video of him but that looks pretty good
let me go to the all the video did I
mention I've been doing the dumbbells
that I think it was before that I think
it was before that you think that'll be
the fight that's the announcement but
there was another one of him where it
said this is me at 60% who wants us to
look at him in the prime god nope no was
it says see him in his prime at it was
really recent it's him he's hitting the
bag he's he's doing some other stuff and
he was tough he was amazing he's one of
the greatest heavyweights of all time
yeah either way that's okay well but it
was basically you know him going through
a workout he's yeah throwing some
punches hitting the bag he's throwing
some uppercuts and you're like wow you
wonder if it's a Tyson Holyfield fight
dude that's the fight if you were gonna
make a crazy fan of two 50 year old guys
that's the fight people would pay for
that for sure
fuck yeah but here's the thing
do you just jump right in or do you yes
you do because Tyson fight a bartender
first just from a promo standpoint to
get everyone excited well there was a
guy who's a rugby player who's I believe
he's seven and oh and boxing I think
they offered Tyson a fight to fight that
guy and I think he's thought as no he
wants to fight a real box or like not
just a guy was like a hobbyist right
yeah let him take down tomato cans
I've been training lately
- OH - 54 year-old Lennox Lewis hey man
imagine in this day and age the three of
them have like a fucking fight off
tournament yeah easy now your legs they
can take testosterone these guys I don't
know that's a thing okay if in the
binding Federation I don't know where
they get it done I don't know who does
the the testing what the rules are
it would depend it would vary on the
State athletic commissions you could
always do things on tribal land they
have their own rules right you could
always make agreements like the fireman
you can't take more than this or that
and you have to be within this level or
that level right because you don't want
guys like juiced up on some psycho drum
now because also like if you're not
gonna drug test at all like there's
other stuff that people could take
people take adderall and fight oh yeah
yeah focus
yeah I've seen people who actually were
on adderall who were told by the
Athletic Commission that they couldn't
take the adderall they had to get off of
it and then they had to wean himself off
and then come back and fight jeez mm-hmm
Wow yeah there was there was quite a bit
of an issue because there's guys who
were prescribed it by the doctors you
know they have ADHD or something when
you're on this adderall and the Athletic
Commission was like no sir yeah you know
that I did a baseball event it was a the
all-star game for softball even before
this softball game before the all-star
game the next day okay a celebrity
legends thing and you get to play with
all the baseball players and yeah I hang
out with the baseball players and they
were all talking about how in the 70s
and 80s they would when you were
pitching you would put em feta means and
pee in the coffee because you wanted
everybody to be super alert and be able
to see stuff and you wanted everybody to
play your best well you were pitching
they were like it was just common you
just yeah people were taking that spills
and stuff all the time and then focus
for the batter's as well right
yes so their team would win well your
pitching yeah not good not even see the
ball is yeah yeah I've never done them
me neither
but I know a lot of pool players who
really got into amphetamines during
gambling events because it's pool the
pool culture is very strange if it comes
to gambling yeah one of the big things
is they play into
someone quits right it's like like you
can win like you could say okay we'll do
a race to ten right and if you beat me
if I want to play you a second race and
you just bail you get a bad reputation
in the world of gamblers and the idea is
in this and this is very debatable so
you guys don't feel bad about stopping
early and some guys do but the
old-school hardcore guys we have never
quit right that's like I seen the
hustler wears him down they go all night
and then all through the next night he
has a breakdown he's just all sweaty and
then his character fats fats starts
putting himself together he's like I was
better at the end washes his hands so
great yeah he changed his shoes his tire
powder his hands up like a baby fan he
goes yeah he goes fast Eddy let's play
some pool Paul Newman's drunk I mean
it's a classic scene so great but it's a
realistic scene in in terms of like the
culture of like hardcore gamblers in
pool and in the 70s and the 80s when
gambling was a really big thing yeah
with pool players would travel all
across the country there's all these
great Road stories yeah there's one by
David McCumber about my friend Tony Anna
Gonia it's called playing off the rail
and it's all about them just traveling
from town to town gambling yeah but Tony
would do it completely naturally like
Tony was just a strong-minded really
good pool player who would do it with
you know drugs but other guys would take
hardcore amphetamines right and be up
for day it was famous that guys would
have like these sessions you would go
home and go to bed and then you call the
pool hall like noon like they're still
going like what oh my went all through
the night and they played all through
this you would go down there like after
lunch yeah be three in the afternoon and
these guys who'd been playing pool from
7:00 p.m. the night before I'm still
playing they still talking shit to each
other and they're all just and there was
the guys who were the natural guys would
get mad to speed guys yeah yeah is that
shit in his system right yeah well
complain me like a man could I should I
take testosterone would it make me feel
Oh a doctor
find out what your testosterone levels
are you might when I went for my
physical I it wasn't low I was but it's
gotta be lower than it was when I was 17
I'm sure it is and there's some
strategies to lift it up and one of the
best ones to stop eating bread sorry
what people think one of the best ways
to keep your hormones strong to have
less inflammation in your body right yes
right and carnivore diet like any diet
where you're eating very little carbs
yeah probably will boost it a little bit
yeah good for people that have
autoimmune issues for some strange
reason people cut out bread and pasta
and sugar and even vegetables yeah some
people like psoriasis it just goes away
really that's weird man yeah I got on
it's extreme
yeah it's it's it's a weird I did it for
a month it's a weird way to live your
life yeah you get tired of it does feel
great though too you know I'm not gonna
live that way but when it's just when
you don't have any of that and just have
some of your ELQ or whatever and
vegetables and just eggs the next
morning and just yeah even just for like
two days you feel like different doesn't
fly healthy food healthy food is the
number one building block for your body
yeah you have to think about it like if
you're making your body like your body
is essentially building itself up all
the time and regenerating tissue and
regenerating cells right we all know
this yeah if that's happening what is it
doing it with what are you providing
what kind of protein what kind of
vitamins Cool Ranch Doritos and it's
gonna build your body with your horrible
foundation you should almost look at it
that way
yeah that's a good way to look at it I
don't think there's anything wrong with
eating a little bit of bullshit every
now and then sure but you're literally
using it as fuel right to power your
body yeah I want to give it the best
fuel possible yeah of course of course
yeah I know I know people like my friend
cam Haynes
he drinks it pours water into cereal cuz
he won't use dairy mm-hmm
what about a nut milk you'd never catch
that motherfucker drinking water on the
cereal just don't eat cereal don't eat
cereal yeah dairy
some people just look at food yeah fuel
it's just I know I know yeah and look if
you're living that's that way that's
fine but not me baby not me baby a
bottle of wine some nice bread some nice
cheese once in a while sit outside with
your wife and just have a nice little
moment yes that's not about fuel that's
about something else it's about living
your life yeah there's enjoyment
pleasure in those meals yes a hundred
percent yeah is it like pasta it's like
I was talking to Adam Perry Lang about
food what he calls comfort food oh my
god that's a good name for it that that
expression that people love to use
comfort comfort food yeah yeah kind of
what's happening it's like giving a hug
in your mouth big cuddly grandma good
right between grandmas big boobs dress
you smell the flower in her apron yeah
yeah come on Oh whatever you grew up
with like that yeah you just make you
five again actually like things that are
like cheesy like stews or or you know
like just yeah pasta with melted cheese
and softly lasagna creation oh it's so
good I mean whatever wizard bottom we do
it some pasta on the bottom I'm gonna
put the best on the bottom so I'm gonna
put a cheese more pasta don't forget me
don't forget to me
fucking it's all about the pork we are
gonna have three times meat three times
stacked it in there and like this meat
and pasta cheese sandwich another layer
yeah another layer tomato sauce and and
you know there's no if ands or buts
that's not good for you you know fuck oh
my god no one's got nutritious pasta
that's like lasagna there has never been
an athlete that was at the podium with a
medal around his neck thing I'd like to
thank the people that made my lasagna I
don't care if this is so good I make
that on Christmas Eve oh it's such a
good thing to make oh and it's becomes
like you know cuz it's a lot of work
you're only doing that a couple times a
year and when you do it like now the
kids all think of Christmas Eve as the
time for the lasagna I mean that's
that's memories that's love that's all
of that stuff wrapped into one my
grandmother used to make our own pasta
she did everything everything was
homemade oh my god yeah it was crazy
like I grew up with that oh when I was a
little kid I remember when I was over
their house like my grandmother she had
like the rolling pin the flour and she's
making the dough and she's pressing
everything pouring the flour on it and
pressing it again and a master where was
this where was she Jersey in Jersey
she was reckless this lady she would cut
a loaf of bread towards her with a giant
last night I'm like your tits grandma
every day for reckless lady oh that's
the best cut towards your tip the giant
on life but you knew when you walked in
there and they were gonna be fed don't
think they didn't make his bread we
would get mad my grandfather had two
places he would go in the neighborhood
go and he would take me on a walk with
him to get the bread it was only a
couple blocks away amazing yeah amazing
wild man Italian immigrant cooking that
was my grandparents too and what was
amazing too is even when they weren't
going all out if they just did something
simple it was like the most mind-blowing
my she used to make escarole which is
just believed yeah yeah
just Tommy just take this take a little
piece of bread just have that I was like
come on yes yeah to your knees yes she
would make these little twists these
little pasta twists uh-huh it was all
fresh pasta yes when you bite into it's
like he'd had this chew to it was so
satisfying with the homemade tomato
sauce ferrule it all came from my
grandfather's Tomatoes even grow in the
backyard you do the whole thing from
scratch boil the Lori toes and make the
sauce and add the garlic the kitchen
just you'd walk and you'd be like I'm
fucking starving as soon as I got out of
the car in the in the driveway
yeah the smell would just carry you into
the house oh the tomato sauce good
garlic good for your soul good beer soul
now I'll never forget that man I never
forget watching her make things since
she wanted she wanted to make it for
everybody she wanted everybody to eat
her homemade pasta oh she knew she was
good at crazy she would she would serve
us and she just look at us oh my god
grandma was it a big family yeah yeah
everybody would come over yeah we'd do
you know yeah of course she got sick
yeah she had a she had a stroke oh yeah
it was horrible man yeah well she wasn't
that home and she lived for another 12
years well they thought that she had 48
hours to live
the doctor was like you know she's got
maybe 72 something oh my god
say goodbye she's in bad shape 12 years
she had a stroke and people didn't they
didn't no one knew she fell down outside
you know she had a hemorrhage and she
fell down outside and like they didn't
find her for like no one knew that she'd
been out there that's the whole key with
stroke is speed but we only learned that
like last week oh that's brutal
yeah aneurysms are crazy right like you
just everything's fine yeah one day just
boom things start bleeding no I don't
like to think of those at all it's
terrifying God but you got enough years
in which she was yeah it was also I did
but it was also for just for life for me
for a life lesson to see someone who you
knew was you know
always like this larger-than-life
character yeah my grandmother was she
was really fun yeah she's really weird
to like she would wear wigs she's a
she's a strangely great but a powerful
lady yeah and then to see her confined
to a bed
it's where the rest of the time that I
saw her and then when I moved to New
York yeah
when I was 23 or 24 when I when I first
moved to New York yeah I stayed with
them because I didn't have any money and
my grandparents lived in this
neighborhood that was really
deteriorating their next-door neighbor
like the fucking the the DEA broke down
his front door with a battering ram like
crack shit shit the neighborhood got
heavy yeah but to stay with them while
you know they're in the twilight of
their life and my grandmother was in
really bad shape
yeah so she would like moan all times
horrible noises really for four years
kind of a thing yeah last a long time
man
but it made it made me the lesson was
okay you're you have to really savor the
moment because they can go away yeah
then go away quick and also you got to
take care of your body yeah like you
have to and no one from her generation
did with it they were just trying to
survive and the kid during the
Depression yeah
so people that were kids during the
Depression man they were scared yeah
they didn't eat I mean no joke not like
now I'm starving like real starving yeah
like terrifying
yeah terrifying times ya know and you
saw how they treated food that whole
generation like my grandmother wouldn't
throw anything out there was no waste
because they always felt like you could
right around the corner it could be
another time when you're not gonna have
also you didn't cook anything new you
just ate the leftovers you had to eat
your fucking leftovers where you cook
some new shit that's right you know I
know I know
I always feel wasteful when I think of
it yeah well that's one thing that
hunting does for sure yeah like you feel
very differently about things that you
don't use yeah it's not the same it's
like if I if I don't use you know a
piece of chicken I don't feel as bad
right but if I don't use a piece of elk
like oh my god I feel terrible
yeah always erring on the side of
cooking right it'll or I make some so I
could eat the next day
that I needed the next day like I like
to eat it with like there's a chipotle
lime mayonnaise that primal kitchen
makes oh yeah it's like avocado oil
mayonnaise it's got a little bit of kick
to it and I eat the elk in the morning
with a cold L yeah hold up with this
chipotle lime
oh that's may avocado oil tastes
delicious that's so good
and it gives you the fats too because
you know that elk super lean yeah that's
so good that stuff is so good I mean
I've been living on it all during
quarantine it's crazy right it's so good
yeah so good I mean even like when I
bought one steak during the time from
from the supermarket and it just wasn't
as good it's like I can't yeah I can't
even explain why just a different kind
of meat yeah it's just you got to
realize those are warriors yeah you're
eating warriors yeah like I know them
like I snuck up on them right
like this is not a it's not conjecture
yeah this is facts isn't from a pen I
was actually there while they were
screaming right yeah yeah you gotta
honor that there's not it's a connection
to it
mmm first of all it's better for you for
sure yeah like it feels better for you
like goddamn this is good yeah and also
there's a connection that just doesn't
exist with your food yeah in any other
way it's even if you grow something
growing something's great like I've
grown vegetables and fruit and stuff you
neat and it feels good that you're
eating something yeah Oh 100% but when
you eat a piece of elk from an animal
that you stalked yes I of the bow and
arrow that's off the charts got that
connections off the charts it's gotta be
yeah it's I mean cuz even even just
knowing you and knowing that you hunted
for it yeah has an effect on my eating
it you know I made you a video of that
animal getting shot right
you can almost be there what happened
yeah yeah that's some yeah it's heavy
it's different it's totally different
well this is a thing will that happened
during this quarantine so many people
got interested in hunting mm-hmm big
shift yeah giant shift because people
realize it Oh food supply chain this
might not be stable that's right like if
you can't drive a truck because
everybody's got the zombie plague great
hamburger yeah don't get a hamburger
Wendy's is out of hamburger yeah I know
about that no Wendy's real fuckin
Wendy's when I ran out of hamburgers Shh
yeah they don't have any beef cheese
right so that's not everywhere and they
don't want people to fucking panic and
they can solve all this and in fact I
think didn't the government step in say
they were gonna start buying people's
meat and a real to make sure that the
supply chain doesn't get interrupted
financial hardship is they want to make
sure these farms don't fucking go under
right right so we're a fraud kid we're
not growing anything we're not where we
good so there's a lot of people that
started thinking about hunting why isn't
it funny like all that stuff cooking at
home how about gun the bread baking at
home the the hunting all those things
that you had to do for centuries yes and
then only in this brief moment have you
not had to do any of that stuff I mean
those food chains like Wendy's like I
mean that's a new thing yeah that it
became that easy and then all of a
sudden it's back to being worried about
where the food comes yeah like that yeah
well Wendy says they have plenty of
burgers but they had a small problem at
some stores because they deliver fresh
beef and they keep it fresh yeah they
ran out they ran out Wow
yeah some Wendy's places yeah stores was
it where they ran out of it
Sam it isn't some it's all of them bitch
stop lying that's what they said and
you've been asking yeah funny well it's
because they're there that's why the
burgers are delicious yeah once you know
one o'clock in the morning that's my
spot oh yeah yeah if there's nothing
else open like I know there if I go to
Wendy's there it's way better than most
of those races I never go there it's
fresh
eating the eating the elk too is what's
interesting is and it might be what they
add to it but like if I go to a steak
house and have a steak I can't sleep
that night like I'm having meat sweats
I'm just like in your gut yeah it feels
weird
Edie I could eat the same amount
of the elk and its idea I think I just
digested quicker I think all that bread
bacteria in your stomach it won't
tolerate any incoming troops from you
some other facts you know you get the
gut flora people that eat a lot of sugar
for us you need a lot of candy yeah your
body starts craving that shit and your
gut flora wants candy all the time oh
really is that Candida
that's that scroll that type of yeah
it's one of the one of the gut floors
right no I have good guy I have really
good gut flora not for steak but yeah
like I may eat a big steak in a steak
but it's also tons of butter and you
know who knows what else you're eating
with it but so what I think the Yelp is
just lean I think it's just lean it's
very different yeah it has an energy to
it too
yeah deer meat does as well deer mean
has an energy to it yeah mm-hmm that's
what my brother brother-in-law and
sister he in Jersey from hunting they
just living on that do you think you'd
ever hunt I don't know I think probably
yeah yeah you know we you should try I
could try to go to lanai lanai yeah
because there's an animal there called
the access deer that we hunt and really
really delicious it's also an invasive
species way too many of them right they
hire snipers to come in and shoot the
deer right it's not like anything you've
ever seen
yeah the nine has 3,000 people super
nice people yeah really cool place
30,000 deer dude oh he's just estimates
might be twenty thousand oh there's so
many men does it even feel like hunting
I guess because you well for me because
I'm doing it with a bow and arrow very
difficult yeah very difficult but for a
rifle hunter it's a hundred percent
success rate right yeah but they you
will actually be doing good seashores
right you look at it you can look at it
one way you could say oh is it even
hunting yeah well what's your goal is
your goal for it to be really difficult
or is your goal to be successful in
gathering meat in an ethical way right
so your goal is just to get the meat in
ethical way it's 100 percent successful
right because it's and it's it's a
hundred percent a good thing to do yes
they have to do it anyway and the food
is great for you ya know that look it's
it's it's kind of similar to golf in a
way golf is
a really great game it's really it's
it's thoughtful it's there's bonding
with it it's a it's challenging it's all
that stuff and then there's a faction of
it that's filled with douchebags who you
don't want to talk to you don't want to
be friends with who are just big
blowhard douchebags finance guys right
yeah and there's I'm sure in hunting and
in everything else there's that same
thing it's people like what you just
described it's like I would do that in a
second yeah and then there's other
people that just kind of like abuse it
and have like we're throwing our beer
cans into the well there's way less of
those people than you would imagine
yeah way more people that respect it
that's good but there's also different
kinds of hunting like there's um there's
mountain hunting in like Colorado or
Utah or Wyoming right or Montana that's
the hardest shit it's gorgeous yes
there's like a special level of Hunter
that's like a fitness fanatic right
backpacking right this is that's the the
top of the food chain world is yeah bow
hunter that lives off his back that kink
goes into public ground and night hikes
in the backcountry 12 miles in shoots
and out carries and out on his back
literally yeah like eight trips to do my
god those are like athletes yeah that
get their food from hunting that's crazy
yeah those are never thought of that
like what happens how do you get it out
of the woods see my friend Adam green
tree he was he's the guy who shot that
Buffalo up the way he went to Colorado
it was a copy went to a couple different
places yeah where he was out in the
woods for 28 days by himself so low 28
days 28 days until he finally got an elk
she put it all on his Instagram and then
he had to pack the elk out but in those
28 days he documented everything on his
Instagram stories uh-huh and one of them
he had a fucking encounter with a
grizzly bear
so grizzly bear kept Bluff charging him
huh huh and he had a pistol that had the
wrong round in it also the pistol wasn't
even effective so he's pointing a gun at
the grizzly bear and if you're looking
at it you can tell that the guns jammed
like the bullet isn't even in the it's
not even in the chain oh my god is the
wrong round so meanwhile I was pointing
this dummy gun think he's gonna stop
this bear and the bear I was just
running at him and it he didn't even
realize it until after this was
that the gun didn't work he got the gun
from somebody else to protect him from
bears out there oh my god 28 days that's
a long time but juice there's videos of
the Bears like looking at him standing
up watch this video right oh that's him
that's you see how the guns jammed see
that hole right see that opening yes
that's because the the rounds not in the
chamber so he's and she's not oh yeah
that's a bear oh yeah oh my god and she
kept charging him holy cow love charged
him three times
oh my sad Cubs around yeah that's what
he thinks and they just decide that
you're a threat and sometimes they
follow you around too oh my god were you
sleeping that night yeah what else they
do they put these little electric fences
around their tents oh yeah to protect
themselves a little battery powered
offenses use the bearable I never heard
of that yeah they do that in grizzly
country wow yeah that is that new that
sounds no they've been doing over the
last four decades really yeah I wonder
when they invented that it's pretty cool
though this is cool ground and then they
they have a big car battery that powers
a whole fucking get up to pee at night
[Music]
yeah that's a different kind of reaction
to your food yeah he takes it down a
whole nother level I don't do that yeah
I'm not good enough to do that but
there's something to all those kind of
it's just being thoughtful about any
stage of it like your grandmother making
the pasta yeah yeah yeah that that thing
that she's actually doing it yeah that
that action changes it it changes her
relation to it the relation that she has
in feeding somebody else you know for
sure it's it's there's a there's it's
something deep about that yeah and
there's something cool too about ethnic
food that comes from like the people
that are there the they are the actual
immigrants themselves yeah and they
brought this food over I mean my parents
my grandparents came over here when they
were young like it's not like they they
were actually driving the boat yeah they
were there were just kids
yeah once they got to America but they
carried with them it's like the
connection to the immigrants yeah the
ones who actually decided they're going
to take
they're babies get on a boat and go
across the ocean with no job prospects
not really sure was gonna have never
been in the place before didn't even
have a picture of it probably your first
trip is I'm moving there how crazy is
that fuck
and then you've got kids so they yeah
when they were young kids yeah both my
grandparents yeah mine too same thing
cranes the same thing imagine being you
if you had no job prospects and you had
two young children and you go okay this
is what we're gonna do we're gonna put
everybody in a boat yeah and we're gonna
go to the other side of the planet
because I heard there's jobs there yeah
no no kidding win it please fuck how
about the people that are just walking
with their kids just walking just going
towards something else I mean the
desperation of people to be in that spot
oh yeah well how about people before
houses yeah different level the
hardships that other human beings have
faced no I know that makes our hardship
seem so trivial and I think that's part
of the problem that people are saying
like hey yeah this isn't great right
this is endemic it's not good for
anybody but I don't know if you guys are
handling it the way I would handle it
and I don't know if you should be able
to tell me how I can handle it I don't
know if I don't know if this is logical
anymore and that we have to accept these
hard times and we have to figure out
another way to do other than just
standing still and waiting for it to go
away yeah yeah it's very strange
cuz I mean it's kind of a standing still
know and think about how short it's been
that we've had to figure it out I mean
we March April May three months of like
trying to figure out what the how real
the threat is and what we're gonna do
with it I mean it's dude I was driving
down the street and I saw this lady walk
across the street with a mask on and I
was like oh yeah there's a pandemic
going on you know I'm saying now for a
moment I got so used to how weird
everything is yeah yeah yeah and I see
this lady walking across the street I
was like oh
oh yeah we're in the middle of that this
is this is happening yeah this is gonna
be one of those things where we look
back go oh that's the moment where I
realized that life doesn't follow a
pattern like the movies the life is just
weirdly random and sometimes you find
out that the people that are in charge
of making the decisions for everybody
else
yeah are no better at it than you or I
they just they're just they just have
the job of doing it making it up as they
go along right I know I mentioned if it
was up to you
nearly Tom Papa you're a funny guy once
you tell us how we should restart the
economy yeah right exactly yeah and one
of your decisions people are going to be
dying on your watch regardless of which
way you go yeah we're gonna blame you
yeah and you're gonna be blamed for it
see that I don't envy them at all you
see that lady who got into it with Trump
no this reporter first of all she was
asking a question with a mask on I was
like settle down and she took it off
when she got mad no she did yeah she did
she took it off when she got mad what so
this is the white happen he was saying
she was saying why are you bragging
about how many Americans have been
tested and that the United States tests
more people than anybody right when
80,000 people have died likewise as a
competition for you yeah and so he says
he said that you should ask China he
said people are dying everywhere if you
want to you want to ask someone about
that you should ask China mm-hmm and she
says why did you say that specifically
to me because she's Asian
oh so and then and then he goes thank
you next question to someone else and
then there's lady steps and and she was
gonna she was like I have a question
she's in and she wanted to let her talk
it was gonna give her question to that
lady so she's asked again this is
something that reporters doing now
that's adorable
the president says next person and he
goes sir yes you he goes I'd like to
give my colleague this question and then
they give it back to her so the
reporters are forcing him to ask
questions and a really sneaky way and it
seems like it seems like they're all in
on it
it's
one of them has like some sort of a
contentious in exchange with the
president yeah and the president says
next so they say sir over here was you
things I'd like to give this question to
my colleague back it's some crazy keep
away they're playing and you know he
goes and she goes why he's saying that
specifically to me you know because
she's Asian and he goes I'm not saying
specifically to anybody I'm just saying
you should ask China right it's it's
kind of crazy like watch this any other
country when it comes to testing yes why
does that matter
why is this a global competition to you
if everyday Americans are still losing
their lives and we're still seeing more
cases every day
well they're losing their lives
everywhere in the world and maybe that's
a question you should ask China
don't ask me has China that question
okay when you ask them that question you
may get a very unusual answer yes behind
you please
yeah hold on here goes watch you see
it's madness I'm telling you I'm not
saying it's specifically to anybody I'm
saying it to anybody that would ask a
nasty question please go ahead okay
anybody else please go ahead it's okay I
have two questions mister next next
place
I did and you didn't respond and now I'm
calling on know how to do this they have
this little sneaky move they've done it
before it's pretty interesting if
they've come up with ways to deal with
get around the angry substitute teacher
so strange to see a guy who's the
president regardless of whether or not
you think he's handling anything well
it's so strange to see that like that's
such he's supposed to be the media guy
right it's supposed to be the guy that's
like savvy the savvy relevation
performer guy ready to handle that that
poorly yeah I know I don't understand
why it would take so little for him to
have every his numbers would be through
the roof but this is what happens there
they're playing a game
and they just won that hand is the game
is talk condescending to you right why
is it a competition to you when all
these people are dying right he said
people are dying all over the world if
you want to know why she'd ask China
that's a good answer it is you a
question it's a gotcha question but then
she makes it racial I know because it
wasn't necessarily racially with a with
a hard Chuck he did China but he does
the China
I know so if he was talking to a white
man yeah and the white man said that to
him and he said you should ask China or
he would say the same thing yes yeah
it's just the worst case scenario that
question gets asked by a lady with a
mask on Rose Asian China she gets mad
and she takes the mask off let
motherfuckers know she's not even
playing by the rules anymore
yeah are you racist you know it is a it
is a beehive of an environment there I
don't know if that's helping anybody
know cast eyes him well get him riled up
and I don't think it's helping anybody
the way he's biting know this I mean you
know it's a complete breakdown of what
that used to be yeah used to be this
weird
gotcha competition and then him getting
pissy yeah I'm snorts the fact that he
stormed off like that it's okay it's a
TV show it's if we're watching a TV show
we're not watching the the adult telling
us what if it's gonna be okay you're so
right and the during a pandemic that is
the worst time for some shit like that's
the worst I just you just want some
consolidation of real information just
tell me how to feel dude I remember
after 9/11 people hated bush they
thought he was really dumb and he
couldn't spell yeah and then that was
Dan Quayle but that was his insurance
policy right yeah well was so now but
people hated bush going in today hated
hated it but then after 9/11 he had some
speeches mm-hmm that made even people
that I knew they were hardcore liberals
like all right I love this guy I love
it's a moment when you rally yeah but he
really rose to the occasion - yeah
George Bush after 9/11 he gave people a
sense of comfort that's right that's we
want you see people craving and we're
crazy yes that's why when
that's why when Cuomo and Newsom speak
and they just give you reassuring yeah
very very controlled this isn't a people
gravitate you're just like okay you just
want to hear that you just want to Leon
E was the same way after 9/11 it was
like okay you're making me feel better
that made Giuliani's reputation like
like a leader 100% yeah it's um you
don't you don't pit people against each
other in a tragedy and it's unfortunate
that he can't see that and he keeps
getting caught it's like you know it's
like it's like he's boxing with someone
who's piecing him up like these things
keep happening so he keeps having these
exchanges where these like heated
exchanges and words get said and it's
bizarre
well it's a really strange was the one
where he went off the fucking script was
talking about therapies yeah maybe we
could get some disinfection that kills
it in a minute in the light yeah a
cleansing you see the woman next dude
yeah ice coming out of her head she's
taking deep breaths so she doesn't pass
out in the middle of it she was like so
then after that he responds that you
know he was sarcastic yeah the reporters
asking me say sarcastically he should
have said look I'm not a doctor this is
just an idea because that's really what
it was it was like I might have done
that on a podcast if I was never seen
you smoke that much weed but what came
out of which really fascinating yeah
there was an actual publicly traded
biotech company that came up with an
idea to get when in intubated people to
get a altra violet light tube down
through that into the lungs and
illuminate cuz using ultraviolet light
you can kill bacteria right and kill
viruses and that's one of the reasons
why they have those things like SteriPEN
where you go backpacking you can get
some water out of a creek and you just
use this ultraviolet light kills
everything inside that water right so
they they actually have this bio
company publicly traded company put out
this video on how this can be done well
their account was banned from Twitter oh
really because it a real company yes too
company and they let him back eventually
yeah this is how toxic this relationship
president is right well the president
says something on TV yeah and then
people go why the fuck did you say get
light into people and then this publicly
traded biotech companies like actually
we've already been working on that and
this is the concept and this is a
science behind it because UV light kills
back fuck you know you're banned biotech
company from Twitter now they brought
the back once it was explained to them
yeah but any other time in history like
say if this was going on right no 10
years ago and there was a virus and the
virus is infecting people's recipe
systems and someone said while these
people are being intubated we can
actually stick a light through the same
tube that the ventilator uses and will
illuminate the lungs we can actually
probably kill a good deal less bacteria
be like Oh medical breakthrough right
and yeah a complete disintegration right
well it's been it's the result of a
breakdown and that's what's been so
that's why it doesn't work in communist
countries like you can't trust the
source for your information right that's
what we're at in a democracy where no
one can trust the sort we're all
scrambling like does this one know does
this one know does this was a direct
result of his toxic relationship with
the press yes because people are so
people who with him or so with him and
people were against him are so against
yeah and it's almost like people with
and part of the reason why the rhythms
because they're so against all these
other fucking whiney bitchy liberal
people that fucking that sighs just so
annoying now it's on with Trump he tells
him to fuck off that's my favorite part
right he makes them he makes those
people angry yeah yeah no it's a
terrible relationship so it's bad for
everybody because in if a name it fit
any moment we should be uniting and
taking care of each other it's now it
could make a big difference to us
because it's like different if someone
could get on television and come up with
something that was not just comforting
but actually accurate and useful yeah
give us something to do yes tell us what
to do yes as and if we could all act as
one for the good of the country we would
come out of this stronger better ready
to go cuz we always my our whole life we
grew up thinking we're Americans we can
do anything we can do it just to give us
a challenge we can do it yeah and to now
have this breakdown like no it's worse
split
and doing separate things that's the
only time you're in people's lives where
things are failing businesses are
failing and they did everything right
right I know they did all the right
things right we're gonna hard yeah the
thing busting ass they were smart they
saved their money they invested they got
a thing going it's getting going and we
got a successful business yeah developed
a great relationship in the community
and then that's right shut down for
months now it's piling up no one's
getting paid your mortgages do your car
payments do your credit cards are due
you got to buy food fuck and you see how
quick that goes away and it's so quick
so when you hear shit like stay at home
until July fuck you yeah fuck you you
can't just say that no you can't just
say that well I think it's from a health
care person who's making the suggestion
but I think the it's not the right size
there's other options yeah I think a
better option is quarantine the people
that are sick I don't know if that's a
yeah look I don't know if that's
possible cuz I'm a moron and I just talk
about what it means but I think it's not
even my idea it's an idea that
everybody's had a lot that many many
people if you're really vulnerable don't
go if you got a bad knee you don't get
to ski right yeah it's true we'll be all
right Joe we're gonna be a we'd better
be Tom papa
we're gonna be all right getting bored I
know me too
I can't wait oh I can't wait to be
walking into the walking into the club
seeing you in the back hearing the crowd
out front
haha I know I'm all that energy can
forward a lot of things
yeah me too it's a lot of things Musso
and Frank's I'm looking forward to not
feeling bad not about me not at all
about seeing all these stories like I
was reading this guy's Twitter pages
jiu-jitsu guy that I follow and there's
this lady who owns this this gym it's
Tom de Blas T om de ba la SS he on his
Instagram he had this this photos of
this lady crying yeah cuz her gym is
going under and this gym that she's had
for ten years right and that they can't
survive it yeah
and so you see shit like that and you're
like this is another example like
someone who didn't do anything wrong
I know and then all their hard work just
goes away this is the lady
it's horrible yeah
it's terrible it's horrible I know what
is the show rally she's motivated if she
could build that business she'll be back
our inside fitness gym she can do it
she'll go into personal training yeah
see at the bottom if you can find that
Ironside what is what is the Instagram
account it's not you didn't tag it yeah
well I don't know where that is I think
he's a Jersey guy yeah fuck yeah I know
just that kind of shit I know let's get
out of this right yeah I can't see the
people that lost their lives that's way
worse of course that's way worse no
one's saying it's not but this is this
is fucking sad too man
yeah sad Pete that people build up these
incredible communities they build up
this relationship with their customers
and the people around them and then it
all goes away
ya know it's brutal I know it's hard
from China China damn just turn down the
Chuck what bad luck what if she said if
if he was talking to anyone else and
they said the mask I wouldn't be able to
say why I say that specifically to me
yeah yeah black man asking heard that
question asking him that quite China are
you saying that specifically to me she
pulls the mast down
why to me I know I know she's like
yelling with no masks on now yeah but
you're violating all the rules you can't
just get mad like fuck everybody you're
gonna die yeah
[Applause]
okay Bray her the worst virus horrible
we're horrible environment what for him
man he must be like I can't win horrible
my life is win-win-win yeah rappers used
to put me in their songs huh when he
came out and talked about the ratings
that he was getting up oh my god it was
just like all right I'm not I can't
he said the ratings were higher than the
season final of The Bachelor like what
those well that's when I was like this
is not real what are you toss can't be
real
what are you thinking this can't be real
yeah so crazy that's the opposite of
what we were saying George Bush did
after 9/11 right rally yes be a leader
that's what leadership is say something
that makes you get inspire Ronald Reagan
was the best Thatcher
yeah just rally you you made you feel
like oh we can do it yeah we could do
anything before people hated him
didn't hate him really until I get
second term though yeah yeah
by the end people were real well parts
of the country always just liked him if
you were poor yeah we're minority yes he
was never here you were never a fan but
uh but he would give a speech yeah Oh
powerful voice he was an actor yeah he
was an actor he's a reality shit-stirrer
that's what those right that's what
reality stars are they stir shit up
right Reagan was an actor he could give
you the big monologue it's a difference
do you remember when he's I don't know
if you ever saw this but he was
addressing the United Nations and he was
talking about how quickly we would all
join together if we were faced with a
force from outside this world right yeah
it's crazy speed yeah cuz all the UFO
people went nuts he knows it's a great
speech though yeah because it's true
yeah it's true like we would realize our
differences are brilliant if aliens had
invaded us we would all unite as human
being right that's what's that's what's
weird about this like you could kind of
have that moment now yes exactly that's
why I brought it up yeah that's yeah
someone could say that we need to unite
yeah someone could see us but they have
to say it'll blow of planet Earth it
can't be self-congratulatory not at all
you take yourself out of it but he does
too much of that you put it in the power
of the people you
talking to that's the technique but
imagine being him where your whole life
you've gotten ahead because you're
self-congratulatory
mmm that's this whole thing yeah that's
this whole thing is just letting
everybody know you're the shit all of a
sudden you can't do them anymore like
how much can you make an adjustment in
your 70s yeah while you're the president
yeah and you have to make an adjustment
be someone who you've never been all of
a sudden you know new shit yeah no Tom
pop are you doing great it's available
now everywhere audiobook available yeah
- for sure yeah always have to come out
on the podcast yes we'll do it
teach yeah teach me your ways breaking
bread baby wizard break bread making and
where's the podcast available - breaking
bread wherever your podcasts are avail
wherever you get them visual as well on
YouTube yeah you - yeah I mean segura or
do the first one together and its really
great he told all these great stories
about his grandmother making all of his
mom making all these sweets I'm telling
you just once you start talking about
food we'll have to talk more yes your
grandma will do it for sure
all right I love you buddy you're the
best love you - bye everybody so good
[Music]